cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 12130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6610 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 18660 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 25790 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 10670 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 14950 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 8490 msec
cputime total 9480 msec
cputime total 47160 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6610 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 8400 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 11480 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 22060 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 15510 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 620 msec
T#1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#3|3|2|40|alpino_lc|9
T#4|3|3|110|alpino_lc|31
T#5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#7|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#8|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#9|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#10|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#11|3|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#12|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#13|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#14|3|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#15|3|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#16|3|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#17|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#18|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#19|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#20|3|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#21|3|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#22|3|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#23|3|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#24|3|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#25|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#26|3|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#27|3|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#28|3|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#29|3|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#30|2|4|40|alpino_lc|5
T#31|2|5|30|alpino_lc|8
T#32|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#33|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#34|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#35|2|3|110|alpino_lc|26
T#36|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#37|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#38|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#39|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#40|2|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#41|2|4|80|alpino_lc|25
T#42|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#43|2|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#44|3|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#45|3|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#46|7|1|180|alpino_lc|131
T#47|8|1|290|alpino_lc|150
T#48|9|1|520|alpino_lc|162
T#49|10|1|250|alpino_lc|222
T#50|11|1|350|alpino_lc|293
T#51|7|1|260|alpino_lc|131
T#52|7|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#53|11|1|400|alpino_lc|292
T#54|4|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#55|5|3|110|alpino_lc|36
T#56|6|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#57|7|1|370|alpino_lc|78
T#58|7|1|530|alpino_lc|194
T#59|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#60|5|3|120|alpino_lc|43
T#61|6|1|180|alpino_lc|77
T#62|7|1|360|alpino_lc|74
T#63|7|1|490|alpino_lc|201
T#64|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#65|6|3|170|alpino_lc|46
T#66|7|1|260|alpino_lc|97
T#67|8|1|470|alpino_lc|84
T#68|8|1|680|alpino_lc|211
T#69|4|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#70|3|2|40|alpino_lc|13
T#71|5|2|80|alpino_lc|36
T#72|4|2|50|alpino_lc|32
T#73|6|3|140|alpino_lc|42
T#74|5|1|210|alpino_lc|87
T#75|4|7|140|alpino_lc|60
T#76|4|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#77|5|1|160|alpino_lc|81
T#78|6|1|290|alpino_lc|67
T#79|7|3|1800|alpino_lc|256
T#80|6|1|360|alpino_lc|106
T#81|7|3|1680|alpino_lc|453
T#82|4|4|90|alpino_lc|48
T#83|4|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#84|5|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#85|6|1|280|alpino_lc|65
T#86|6|1|310|alpino_lc|90
T#87|5|4|120|alpino_lc|56
T#88|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#89|6|1|140|alpino_lc|85
T#90|7|1|270|alpino_lc|73
T#91|7|1|340|alpino_lc|108
T#92|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#93|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#94|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#95|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#96|5|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#97|5|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#98|6|8|150|alpino_lc|51
T#99|8|36|740|alpino_lc|242
T#100|9|16|820|alpino_lc|142
T#101|7|5|90|alpino_lc|48
T#102|7|3|390|alpino_lc|232
T#103|7|3|320|alpino_lc|161
T#104|7|3|170|alpino_lc|128
T#106|10|3|520|alpino_lc|519
T#107|13|13|1430|alpino_lc|301
T#108|5|3|240|alpino_lc|37
T#109|15|28|1310|alpino_lc|1334
T#110|16|28|1480|alpino_lc|1556
T#111|10|2|380|alpino_lc|66
T#112|11|3|940|alpino_lc|155
T#113|6|2|330|alpino_lc|83
T#114|16|49|3000|alpino_lc|962
T#115|17|49|3070|alpino_lc|1106
T#116|11|11|1330|alpino_lc|206
T#117|12|16|2050|alpino_lc|489
T#118|6|9|820|alpino_lc|98
T#119|6|10|1120|alpino_lc|134
T#120|16|44|1700|alpino_lc|1767
T#121|11|6|1220|alpino_lc|203
T#122|17|66|3570|alpino_lc|1486
T#123|12|26|3380|alpino_lc|690
T#124|9|6|430|alpino_lc|192
T#125|10|8|520|alpino_lc|285
T#126|3|2|50|alpino_lc|16
T#127|4|2|90|alpino_lc|32
T#128|4|2|70|alpino_lc|51
T#129|4|4|40|alpino_lc|27
T#130|4|5|90|alpino_lc|51
T#131|4|2|80|alpino_lc|68
T#132|7|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#133|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#134|7|5|210|alpino_lc|66
T#135|6|4|190|alpino_lc|67
T#136|6|7|200|alpino_lc|62
T#137|5|5|190|alpino_lc|63
T#138|7|2|260|alpino_lc|86
T#139|6|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#140|7|5|230|alpino_lc|70
T#141|6|4|190|alpino_lc|71
T#142|6|7|400|alpino_lc|114
T#143|5|5|290|alpino_lc|107
T#144|7|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#145|6|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#146|6|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#147|5|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#148|7|1|200|alpino_lc|80
T#149|6|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#150|6|1|170|alpino_lc|82
T#151|5|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#152|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#153|7|3|100|alpino_lc|47
T#154|5|2|60|alpino_lc|25
T#155|6|13|560|alpino_lc|309
T#156|7|13|600|alpino_lc|403
T#157|8|13|610|alpino_lc|425
T#158|11|24|1100|alpino_lc|704
T#159|11|24|1210|alpino_lc|654
T#160|10|20|480|alpino_lc|357
T#161|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#162|9|2|220|alpino_lc|102
T#163|8|2|190|alpino_lc|86
T#164|8|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#165|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#166|4|3|300|alpino_lc|66
T#167|5|11|540|alpino_lc|196
T#168|9|127|4130|alpino_lc|1406
T#169|5|11|630|alpino_lc|193
T#170|5|8|450|alpino_lc|131
T#171|6|9|750|alpino_lc|187
T#172|5|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#173|6|1|340|alpino_lc|38
T#174|6|1|360|alpino_lc|63
T#175|7|6|3210|alpino_lc|384
T#176|7|3|1400|alpino_lc|137
T#177|7|2|1240|alpino_lc|118
T#179|7|1|170|alpino_lc|50
T#180|8|19|330|alpino_lc|112
T#181|10|126|850|alpino_lc|285
T#182|13|19|1130|alpino_lc|567
T#183|3|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#184|6|4|270|alpino_lc|73
T#185|6|4|230|alpino_lc|106
T#186|7|2|320|alpino_lc|114
T#187|11|12|3790|alpino_lc|1541
T#188|9|9|690|alpino_lc|309
T#189|6|2|260|alpino_lc|48
T#190|4|1|160|alpino_lc|37
T#191|5|1|160|alpino_lc|24
T#192|7|1|480|alpino_lc|77
T#193|7|1|410|alpino_lc|34
T#194|8|3|560|alpino_lc|104
T#195|8|3|440|alpino_lc|67
T#196|8|3|2040|alpino_lc|142
T#197|7|15|900|alpino_lc|474
T#198|8|15|650|alpino_lc|364
T#199|13|75|4720|alpino_lc|1185
T#200|4|5|90|alpino_lc|49
T#201|6|2|100|alpino_lc|53
T#202|5|2|40|alpino_lc|11
T#203|8|2|900|alpino_lc|167
T#204|11|30|880|alpino_lc|521
T#205|11|8|420|alpino_lc|218
T#206|7|15|420|alpino_lc|206
T#207|7|2|190|alpino_lc|71
T#208|6|7|350|alpino_lc|79
T#209|5|15|250|alpino_lc|116
T#210|6|150|900|alpino_lc|519
T#211|4|2|50|alpino_lc|39
T#212|6|2|100|alpino_lc|72
T#213|4|5|110|alpino_lc|50
T#214|8|6|330|alpino_lc|330
T#215|8|3|380|alpino_lc|224
T#216|6|2|140|alpino_lc|144
T#217|6|1|100|alpino_lc|51
T#218|10|1|560|alpino_lc|285
T#219|10|82|1130|alpino_lc|933
T#220|5|2|190|alpino_lc|64
T#221|5|5|220|alpino_lc|102
T#222|6|3|120|alpino_lc|77
T#223|7|13|210|alpino_lc|88
T#224|5|2|160|alpino_lc|40
T#225|8|12|1420|alpino_lc|548
T#226|6|12|820|alpino_lc|174
T#227|6|16|710|alpino_lc|314
T#228|7|29|1030|alpino_lc|430
T#229|6|8|340|alpino_lc|135
T#230|7|12|480|alpino_lc|198
T#231|4|1|140|alpino_lc|115
T#232|6|7|840|alpino_lc|532
T#233|7|3|330|alpino_lc|106
T#234|5|2|170|alpino_lc|144
T#235|4|3|70|alpino_lc|57
T#236|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#237|4|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#238|13|36|790|alpino_lc|603
T#239|13|25|1270|alpino_lc|586
T#240|7|1|540|alpino_lc|202
T#241|10|134|2030|alpino_lc|1402
T#242|9|5|460|alpino_lc|295
T#243|7|3|530|alpino_lc|198
T#244|9|4|430|alpino_lc|242
T#245|8|4|5960|alpino_lc|438
T#246|9|4|340|alpino_lc|87
T#247|7|9|1090|alpino_lc|301
T#248|8|27|340|alpino_lc|284
T#249|10|200|910|alpino_lc|450
T#250|12|46|930|alpino_lc|194
T#251|10|14|780|alpino_lc|716
T#252|12|36|900|alpino_lc|529
T#253|9|73|4160|alpino_lc|1434
T#254|14|126|2550|alpino_lc|1220
T#255|13|105|1710|alpino_lc|1000
T#256|13|103|2940|alpino_lc|1366
T#257|15|579|12110|alpino_lc|2619
T#258|14|657|9400|alpino_lc|2135
T#259|13|16|470|alpino_lc|209
T#260|9|18|490|alpino_lc|192
T#261|10|27|1000|alpino_lc|181
T#262|12|52|2020|alpino_lc|727
T#263|8|3|120|alpino_lc|35
T#264|9|51|3630|alpino_lc|770
T#265|11|44|5960|alpino_lc|758
T#266|7|33|680|alpino_lc|168
T#267|11|1224|12130|alpino_lc|833
T#268|9|3|240|alpino_lc|61
T#269|7|2|460|alpino_lc|354
T#270|4|2|110|alpino_lc|38
T#271|7|1|2980|alpino_lc|420
T#272|9|2|850|alpino_lc|206
T#273|7|11|220|alpino_lc|165
T#274|5|11|200|alpino_lc|99
T#275|5|8|130|alpino_lc|75
T#276|8|111|4320|alpino_lc|966
T#277|6|3|360|alpino_lc|206
T#278|10|36|530|alpino_lc|210
T#279|6|27|330|alpino_lc|135
T#280|9|126|1450|alpino_lc|580
T#281|8|18|830|alpino_lc|417
T#282|9|25|820|alpino_lc|420
T#283|9|178|2700|alpino_lc|608
T#284|7|5|190|alpino_lc|220
T#285|10|43|1290|alpino_lc|237
T#286|5|3|180|alpino_lc|71
T#287|4|3|130|alpino_lc|34
T#288|6|23|730|alpino_lc|177
T#289|8|3|750|alpino_lc|488
T#290|8|5|3400|alpino_lc|712
T#291|6|6|1020|alpino_lc|265
T#292|4|4|210|alpino_lc|54
T#293|5|10|240|alpino_lc|52
T#294|10|2|1750|alpino_lc|803
T#295|8|2|270|alpino_lc|360
T#296|8|14|460|alpino_lc|175
T#297|6|10|380|alpino_lc|199
T#298|9|20|940|alpino_lc|624
T#299|5|11|240|alpino_lc|130
T#300|5|15|570|alpino_lc|181
T#301|6|9|370|alpino_lc|86
T#302|6|16|680|alpino_lc|123
T#303|6|2|290|alpino_lc|167
T#304|5|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#305|6|9|460|alpino_lc|161
T#306|5|1|270|alpino_lc|59
T#307|5|24|1330|alpino_lc|1204
T#308|5|21|480|alpino_lc|301
T#309|9|21|1510|alpino_lc|1976
T#310|4|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#311|4|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#312|4|2|120|alpino_lc|27
T#313|4|3|170|alpino_lc|35
T#314|5|7|110|alpino_lc|80
T#315|8|29|730|alpino_lc|312
T#316|7|36|810|alpino_lc|236
T#317|5|2|200|alpino_lc|59
T#318|5|4|270|alpino_lc|75
T#319|5|4|100|alpino_lc|57
T#320|8|20|410|alpino_lc|278
T#321|5|21|180|alpino_lc|107
T#322|6|11|200|alpino_lc|64
T#323|6|11|200|alpino_lc|97
T#324|9|16|520|alpino_lc|296
T#325|7|12|270|alpino_lc|152
T#326|10|4|640|alpino_lc|339
T#327|5|2|110|alpino_lc|29
T#328|13|110|2960|alpino_lc|731
T#329|13|12|780|alpino_lc|655
T#330|12|647|4030|alpino_lc|1826
T#331|12|3|370|alpino_lc|266
T#332|15|112|1170|alpino_lc|329
T#333|5|2|250|alpino_lc|9
T#334|8|52|5960|alpino_lc|339
T#335|8|52|3400|alpino_lc|343
T#336|7|14|2040|alpino_lc|210
T#337|6|14|460|alpino_lc|129
T#338|7|14|1870|alpino_lc|183
T#339|7|14|900|alpino_lc|191
T#340|7|14|2240|alpino_lc|245
T#341|7|3|240|alpino_lc|111
T#342|8|3|1460|alpino_lc|196
T#343|6|4|200|alpino_lc|90
T#344|8|3|830|alpino_lc|336
T#345|9|5|560|alpino_lc|289
T#346|8|12|360|alpino_lc|248
T#347|6|2|470|alpino_lc|229
T#348|6|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#349|7|6|950|alpino_lc|356
T#350|7|2|190|alpino_lc|101
T#351|7|2|340|alpino_lc|276
T#352|6|2|180|alpino_lc|76
T#353|7|9|580|alpino_lc|329
T#354|6|1|340|alpino_lc|202
T#355|7|1|150|alpino_lc|102
T#356|6|2|90|alpino_lc|38
T#357|7|9|330|alpino_lc|221
T#358|6|2|190|alpino_lc|123
T#359|9|12|910|alpino_lc|460
T#360|7|8|340|alpino_lc|217
T#361|7|10|880|alpino_lc|259
T#362|9|15|1160|alpino_lc|430
T#363|7|8|180|alpino_lc|102
T#364|7|9|320|alpino_lc|159
T#365|5|5|180|alpino_lc|86
T#366|8|145|2170|alpino_lc|563
T#367|7|101|1430|alpino_lc|386
T#368|7|25|650|alpino_lc|127
T#369|8|45|2480|alpino_lc|516
T#370|7|2|70|alpino_lc|36
T#371|7|16|700|alpino_lc|347
T#372|5|3|120|alpino_lc|77
T#373|5|10|160|alpino_lc|91
T#374|7|2|170|alpino_lc|41
T#375|8|24|1320|alpino_lc|204
T#376|9|99|1730|alpino_lc|824
T#377|6|3|260|alpino_lc|208
T#378|5|1|180|alpino_lc|126
T#379|5|4|160|alpino_lc|70
T#380|4|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#381|7|3|270|alpino_lc|136
T#382|8|52|1330|alpino_lc|424
T#383|13|127|2790|alpino_lc|1129
T#384|4|4|60|alpino_lc|24
T#385|11|128|2720|alpino_lc|687
T#386|10|6|660|alpino_lc|138
T#387|9|15|930|alpino_lc|754
T#388|6|3|220|alpino_lc|52
T#389|7|71|1550|alpino_lc|699
T#390|6|2|480|alpino_lc|110
T#391|7|22|1360|alpino_lc|643
T#392|4|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#393|5|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#394|7|5|1340|alpino_lc|470
T#395|7|9|1540|alpino_lc|796
T#396|5|1|430|alpino_lc|142
T#397|7|1|180|alpino_lc|72
T#398|7|1|2780|alpino_lc|609
T#399|7|1|290|alpino_lc|166
T#400|8|2|710|alpino_lc|318
T#401|6|3|150|alpino_lc|260
T#402|8|5|400|alpino_lc|485
T#403|9|2|680|alpino_lc|491
T#404|9|2|1060|alpino_lc|538
T#405|6|6|90|alpino_lc|56
T#406|8|1|150|alpino_lc|73
T#407|8|2|150|alpino_lc|67
T#408|7|4|160|alpino_lc|61
T#409|6|37|340|alpino_lc|132
T#410|9|5|870|alpino_lc|502
T#411|7|6|420|alpino_lc|322
T#412|6|2|270|alpino_lc|103
T#413|7|4|450|alpino_lc|112
T#414|9|6|470|alpino_lc|162
T#415|13|42|1180|alpino_lc|666
T#416|9|2|440|alpino_lc|114
T#417|9|20|1190|alpino_lc|327
T#418|9|25|2220|alpino_lc|519
T#419|10|11|2020|alpino_lc|823
T#420|10|22|2640|alpino_lc|1040
T#421|10|15|1260|alpino_lc|397
T#422|11|24|780|alpino_lc|407
T#423|9|18|810|alpino_lc|282
T#424|11|66|1660|alpino_lc|383
T#425|13|17|610|alpino_lc|278
T#426|13|26|620|alpino_lc|313
T#427|12|24|490|alpino_lc|217
T#428|10|13|510|alpino_lc|299
T#429|11|9|610|alpino_lc|152
T#430|11|7|550|alpino_lc|187
T#431|9|3|840|alpino_lc|203
T#432|9|1|620|alpino_lc|134
T#433|8|1|540|alpino_lc|152
T#434|11|1|1930|alpino_lc|470
T#435|7|80|1190|alpino_lc|302
T#436|7|11|200|alpino_lc|68
T#437|14|290|6840|alpino_lc|1471
T#438|6|75|1270|alpino_lc|332
T#439|8|10|290|alpino_lc|57
T#440|6|2|350|alpino_lc|36
T#441|9|18|600|alpino_lc|198
T#442|10|27|630|alpino_lc|261
T#443|8|4|490|alpino_lc|148
T#444|7|2|300|alpino_lc|122
T#445|8|79|6610|alpino_lc|792
T#446|7|24|3040|alpino_lc|322
T#447|12|9|1410|alpino_lc|689
T#448|10|16|760|alpino_lc|401
T#449|9|3|230|alpino_lc|180
T#450|8|2|150|alpino_lc|127
T#451|6|4|110|alpino_lc|54
T#452|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#453|9|104|1220|alpino_lc|755
T#454|8|32|460|alpino_lc|331
T#455|8|25|910|alpino_lc|419
T#456|7|13|360|alpino_lc|153
T#457|12|1|1330|alpino_lc|944
T#458|11|12|1900|alpino_lc|1066
T#459|7|13|630|alpino_lc|271
T#460|7|4|230|alpino_lc|67
T#461|8|6|650|alpino_lc|290
T#462|8|6|610|alpino_lc|372
T#463|7|2|680|alpino_lc|337
T#464|7|3|560|alpino_lc|328
T#465|6|3|310|alpino_lc|124
T#466|7|6|410|alpino_lc|198
T#467|5|1|170|alpino_lc|94
T#468|7|2|290|alpino_lc|275
T#469|9|29|5180|alpino_lc|473
T#470|11|73|8120|alpino_lc|1150
T#471|6|1|510|alpino_lc|172
T#472|7|7|1290|alpino_lc|288
T#473|8|1|180|alpino_lc|149
T#474|6|3|130|alpino_lc|80
T#475|5|1|410|alpino_lc|85
T#476|6|6|570|alpino_lc|183
T#477|8|4|460|alpino_lc|278
T#478|8|3|490|alpino_lc|421
T#479|7|6|260|alpino_lc|111
T#480|7|10|250|alpino_lc|180
T#481|10|58|2080|alpino_lc|784
T#482|7|9|500|alpino_lc|207
T#483|8|14|770|alpino_lc|302
T#484|12|1280|18660|alpino_lc|3431
T#485|6|4|130|alpino_lc|113
T#486|10|4|550|alpino_lc|568
T#487|11|5|700|alpino_lc|637
T#488|7|9|250|alpino_lc|280
T#489|8|9|370|alpino_lc|112
T#490|7|26|1140|alpino_lc|560
T#491|6|16|370|alpino_lc|177
T#492|5|3|150|alpino_lc|94
T#493|7|3|110|alpino_lc|43
T#494|8|9|280|alpino_lc|105
T#495|10|1|630|alpino_lc|272
T#496|13|172|25790|alpino_lc|3791
T#497|7|7|610|alpino_lc|614
T#498|7|16|860|alpino_lc|888
T#499|7|27|1890|alpino_lc|1702
T#500|6|10|310|alpino_lc|144
T#501|9|9|910|alpino_lc|536
T#502|10|16|920|alpino_lc|553
T#503|6|11|810|alpino_lc|220
T#504|7|8|190|alpino_lc|171
T#505|8|2|320|alpino_lc|133
T#506|10|8|270|alpino_lc|64
T#507|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#508|8|4|210|alpino_lc|87
T#509|5|3|140|alpino_lc|54
T#510|5|6|320|alpino_lc|249
T#511|4|2|130|alpino_lc|86
T#512|8|6|620|alpino_lc|398
T#513|6|6|420|alpino_lc|132
T#514|9|13|770|alpino_lc|385
T#515|9|6|1100|alpino_lc|422
T#516|6|16|220|alpino_lc|193
T#517|7|34|380|alpino_lc|293
T#518|7|10|1600|alpino_lc|283
T#519|9|59|1160|alpino_lc|640
T#520|8|12|770|alpino_lc|420
T#521|5|4|120|alpino_lc|37
T#522|6|10|480|alpino_lc|212
T#523|5|17|260|alpino_lc|134
T#524|7|33|480|alpino_lc|312
T#525|12|24|1960|alpino_lc|1338
T#526|12|10|2040|alpino_lc|1020
T#527|12|65|4470|alpino_lc|2592
T#528|12|49|5950|alpino_lc|2277
T#529|8|1|210|alpino_lc|132
T#530|7|8|410|alpino_lc|252
T#531|5|4|50|alpino_lc|35
T#532|6|28|330|alpino_lc|187
T#533|6|8|140|alpino_lc|54
T#534|11|46|1420|alpino_lc|449
T#535|9|27|810|alpino_lc|285
T#536|9|12|480|alpino_lc|376
T#537|6|19|930|alpino_lc|463
T#538|6|55|2020|alpino_lc|210
T#539|6|4|150|alpino_lc|49
T#540|4|5|180|alpino_lc|45
T#541|5|10|550|alpino_lc|104
T#542|8|5|1060|alpino_lc|294
T#543|9|5|1290|alpino_lc|426
T#544|5|5|2240|alpino_lc|224
T#545|6|5|560|alpino_lc|233
T#546|5|2|110|alpino_lc|24
T#547|9|6|220|alpino_lc|90
T#548|10|9|4050|alpino_lc|1395
T#549|11|22|1750|alpino_lc|946
T#550|11|12|570|alpino_lc|375
T#551|8|8|640|alpino_lc|454
T#552|7|16|350|alpino_lc|356
T#553|6|2|170|alpino_lc|105
T#554|10|62|1080|alpino_lc|530
T#555|4|7|200|alpino_lc|65
T#556|9|38|2410|alpino_lc|501
T#557|9|22|10670|alpino_lc|1599
T#558|8|27|2180|alpino_lc|938
T#559|8|13|990|alpino_lc|808
T#560|8|9|1610|alpino_lc|632
T#561|10|8|810|alpino_lc|1005
T#562|10|14|1430|alpino_lc|2130
T#563|12|17|1070|alpino_lc|1226
T#564|5|4|180|alpino_lc|90
T#565|12|15|1290|alpino_lc|502
T#566|12|4|1980|alpino_lc|405
T#567|5|4|90|alpino_lc|36
T#568|11|12|670|alpino_lc|456
T#569|10|6|540|alpino_lc|376
T#570|10|42|660|alpino_lc|475
T#571|7|126|2140|alpino_lc|298
T#572|7|69|840|alpino_lc|253
T#573|7|8|1630|alpino_lc|961
T#574|8|8|14950|alpino_lc|1432
T#575|9|11|970|alpino_lc|742
T#576|6|5|340|alpino_lc|179
T#577|7|18|340|alpino_lc|194
T#578|8|15|370|alpino_lc|150
T#579|7|10|550|alpino_lc|168
T#580|7|8|460|alpino_lc|358
T#581|7|12|470|alpino_lc|194
T#582|5|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#583|5|10|110|alpino_lc|93
T#584|6|19|240|alpino_lc|199
T#585|7|3|180|alpino_lc|103
T#586|6|8|560|alpino_lc|216
T#587|9|6|740|alpino_lc|303
T#588|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#589|6|5|440|alpino_lc|89
T#590|4|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#591|7|3|180|alpino_lc|66
T#592|6|8|1240|alpino_lc|284
T#593|5|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#594|6|2|120|alpino_lc|47
T#595|8|3|390|alpino_lc|165
T#596|7|1|310|alpino_lc|200
T#597|9|16|440|alpino_lc|140
T#598|9|16|860|alpino_lc|554
T#599|8|22|580|alpino_lc|507
T#600|13|40|1940|alpino_lc|704
T#601|6|3|120|alpino_lc|46
T#602|7|6|200|alpino_lc|100
T#603|7|1|210|alpino_lc|107
T#604|6|2|210|alpino_lc|105
T#605|3|2|250|alpino_lc|45
T#606|5|6|310|alpino_lc|125
T#609|6|4|810|alpino_lc|215
T#610|8|18|1540|alpino_lc|385
T#611|6|22|1890|alpino_lc|379
T#612|7|10|580|alpino_lc|403
T#613|7|18|370|alpino_lc|187
T#614|6|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#615|8|18|770|alpino_lc|747
T#616|9|26|3470|alpino_lc|547
T#617|11|86|3430|alpino_lc|1991
T#618|10|36|2460|alpino_lc|645
T#619|6|7|260|alpino_lc|146
T#620|7|9|430|alpino_lc|438
T#621|8|24|920|alpino_lc|600
T#622|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#623|4|1|60|alpino_lc|3
T#624|4|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#625|10|50|2400|alpino_lc|456
T#626|7|413|5590|alpino_lc|1398
T#627|8|24|1590|alpino_lc|364
T#628|11|263|4670|alpino_lc|2000
T#629|5|2|100|alpino_lc|8
T#630|6|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#631|5|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#632|4|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#633|9|10|380|alpino_lc|171
T#634|8|16|310|alpino_lc|124
T#635|7|1|90|alpino_lc|85
T#636|9|1|450|alpino_lc|131
T#637|7|3|100|alpino_lc|49
T#638|8|7|180|alpino_lc|103
T#639|6|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#640|7|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#641|8|2|1070|alpino_lc|291
T#642|6|3|90|alpino_lc|43
T#643|11|27|6950|alpino_lc|1200
T#644|8|2|380|alpino_lc|144
T#645|8|15|1220|alpino_lc|405
T#646|7|6|1010|alpino_lc|339
T#647|9|96|3330|alpino_lc|791
T#648|9|8|400|alpino_lc|136
T#649|6|5|130|alpino_lc|88
T#650|7|1|90|alpino_lc|48
T#651|6|15|160|alpino_lc|37
T#652|8|6|310|alpino_lc|128
T#653|10|16|690|alpino_lc|98
T#654|6|27|250|alpino_lc|118
T#655|10|10|760|alpino_lc|307
T#656|5|4|240|alpino_lc|81
T#657|10|2|420|alpino_lc|271
T#658|8|8|530|alpino_lc|225
T#659|7|2|290|alpino_lc|126
T#660|7|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#661|7|9|430|alpino_lc|108
T#662|6|19|1280|alpino_lc|305
T#663|6|14|1040|alpino_lc|254
T#664|8|32|2520|alpino_lc|422
T#665|6|4|230|alpino_lc|170
T#666|7|2|360|alpino_lc|177
T#667|6|4|260|alpino_lc|152
T#668|8|50|2810|alpino_lc|867
T#669|9|10|1190|alpino_lc|304
T#670|6|9|170|alpino_lc|122
T#671|8|23|450|alpino_lc|283
T#672|9|96|8490|alpino_lc|808
T#673|10|241|9480|alpino_lc|4284
T#674|11|652|47160|alpino_lc|5037
T#675|6|23|1000|alpino_lc|417
T#676|5|8|460|alpino_lc|213
T#677|7|4|170|alpino_lc|48
T#678|8|4|630|alpino_lc|178
T#679|7|4|440|alpino_lc|150
T#680|5|6|130|alpino_lc|89
T#681|6|37|670|alpino_lc|115
T#682|6|35|430|alpino_lc|74
T#683|6|47|520|alpino_lc|96
T#684|5|25|310|alpino_lc|44
T#685|6|48|2050|alpino_lc|561
T#686|12|78|1980|alpino_lc|245
T#687|5|5|370|alpino_lc|48
T#688|9|10|990|alpino_lc|321
T#689|9|48|3370|alpino_lc|630
T#690|10|24|2730|alpino_lc|841
T#691|10|86|4860|alpino_lc|1420
T#692|11|38|4690|alpino_lc|1742
T#693|9|67|770|alpino_lc|206
T#694|10|32|700|alpino_lc|282
T#695|10|24|2040|alpino_lc|599
T#696|11|9|2460|alpino_lc|633
T#697|8|2|190|alpino_lc|151
T#698|8|2|260|alpino_lc|106
T#699|7|19|700|alpino_lc|219
T#700|7|22|820|alpino_lc|252
T#701|8|1|570|alpino_lc|340
T#702|7|2|340|alpino_lc|159
T#703|7|1|570|alpino_lc|295
T#704|8|2|550|alpino_lc|208
T#705|7|6|200|alpino_lc|101
T#706|7|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#707|7|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#708|4|2|30|alpino_lc|10
T#709|5|2|90|alpino_lc|32
T#710|4|4|80|alpino_lc|20
T#711|7|51|370|alpino_lc|136
T#712|8|61|600|alpino_lc|190
T#713|7|17|830|alpino_lc|310
T#714|7|4|180|alpino_lc|40
T#715|7|8|560|alpino_lc|204
T#716|7|5|350|alpino_lc|153
T#717|5|4|460|alpino_lc|112
T#718|6|11|520|alpino_lc|186
T#719|6|8|440|alpino_lc|135
T#720|7|6|540|alpino_lc|160
T#721|5|3|640|alpino_lc|149
T#722|6|10|1230|alpino_lc|222
T#723|5|10|660|alpino_lc|248
T#724|6|21|1920|alpino_lc|299
T#725|7|17|570|alpino_lc|329
T#726|9|2|270|alpino_lc|289
T#727|9|93|11400|alpino_lc|4651
T#728|9|7|1640|alpino_lc|574
T#729|6|6|290|alpino_lc|90
T#730|9|5|1510|alpino_lc|494
T#731|7|4|240|alpino_lc|76
T#732|6|8|230|alpino_lc|75
T#733|8|15|860|alpino_lc|294
T#734|11|88|1490|alpino_lc|504
T#735|11|39|960|alpino_lc|381
T#736|11|39|1090|alpino_lc|437
T#737|6|2|200|alpino_lc|130
T#738|10|5|2130|alpino_lc|1298
T#739|10|117|3530|alpino_lc|677
T#740|11|48|4080|alpino_lc|1494
T#741|5|8|510|alpino_lc|173
T#742|9|1|480|alpino_lc|325
T#743|9|168|3330|alpino_lc|461
T#744|9|319|5520|alpino_lc|890
T#745|9|359|6560|alpino_lc|1339
T#746|6|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#747|5|6|200|alpino_lc|76
T#748|6|126|1450|alpino_lc|390
T#749|4|7|100|alpino_lc|37
T#750|5|17|240|alpino_lc|99
T#751|10|6|250|alpino_lc|88
T#752|6|12|180|alpino_lc|77
T#753|3|5|90|alpino_lc|32
T#754|6|25|400|alpino_lc|182
T#755|10|4|2480|alpino_lc|626
T#756|9|1|320|alpino_lc|375
T#757|5|4|50|alpino_lc|35
T#758|8|11|280|alpino_lc|168
T#759|8|2|150|alpino_lc|151
T#760|11|865|5890|alpino_lc|1476
T#761|11|176|1020|alpino_lc|439
T#762|7|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#763|11|14|220|alpino_lc|123
T#764|13|750|6610|alpino_lc|1015
T#765|7|1|180|alpino_lc|121
T#766|6|9|200|alpino_lc|95
T#767|7|12|530|alpino_lc|228
T#768|6|11|220|alpino_lc|99
T#769|6|7|590|alpino_lc|147
T#770|5|3|210|alpino_lc|70
T#771|6|11|590|alpino_lc|177
T#772|11|43|4330|alpino_lc|1126
T#773|10|14|1920|alpino_lc|947
T#774|8|17|3800|alpino_lc|545
T#775|9|2|990|alpino_lc|271
T#776|9|6|990|alpino_lc|681
T#777|7|6|410|alpino_lc|115
T#778|8|11|1720|alpino_lc|200
T#779|6|8|160|alpino_lc|136
T#780|4|1|120|alpino_lc|14
T#781|5|4|190|alpino_lc|83
T#782|6|3|330|alpino_lc|154
T#783|7|4|400|alpino_lc|160
T#784|8|2|440|alpino_lc|227
T#785|8|2|350|alpino_lc|264
T#786|7|1|230|alpino_lc|178
T#787|5|4|260|alpino_lc|93
T#788|9|8|300|alpino_lc|117
T#789|11|22|1910|alpino_lc|415
T#790|10|50|2180|alpino_lc|550
T#791|4|4|70|alpino_lc|23
T#792|9|4|1480|alpino_lc|682
T#793|2|2|20|alpino_lc|3
T#794|8|24|540|alpino_lc|434
T#795|10|20|280|alpino_lc|180
T#796|8|8|180|alpino_lc|103
T#797|10|24|550|alpino_lc|369
T#798|10|3|890|alpino_lc|386
T#799|11|9|1660|alpino_lc|651
T#800|10|9|720|alpino_lc|684
T#801|10|43|950|alpino_lc|708
T#802|10|31|1020|alpino_lc|608
T#803|9|3|420|alpino_lc|412
T#804|9|17|640|alpino_lc|614
T#805|9|12|610|alpino_lc|412
T#806|6|8|140|alpino_lc|92
T#807|8|32|490|alpino_lc|139
T#808|6|6|180|alpino_lc|176
T#809|8|9|390|alpino_lc|145
T#810|9|15|1640|alpino_lc|524
T#811|13|168|5430|alpino_lc|1317
T#812|10|7|570|alpino_lc|297
T#813|8|2|110|alpino_lc|77
T#814|12|13|2970|alpino_lc|2486
T#815|11|5|3020|alpino_lc|1781
T#816|10|40|770|alpino_lc|624
T#817|12|41|1700|alpino_lc|599
T#818|8|4|170|alpino_lc|102
T#819|9|66|640|alpino_lc|213
T#820|11|20|1400|alpino_lc|857
T#821|11|48|630|alpino_lc|287
T#822|12|281|7630|alpino_lc|2581
T#823|13|861|7980|alpino_lc|2330
T#824|15|64|2130|alpino_lc|1146
T#825|9|30|2020|alpino_lc|565
T#826|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#827|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#828|4|5|40|alpino_lc|15
T#829|6|4|90|alpino_lc|40
T#830|11|143|2200|alpino_lc|657
T#831|14|400|2420|alpino_lc|342
T#832|11|419|8400|alpino_lc|383
T#833|11|349|5290|alpino_lc|351
T#834|12|727|11480|alpino_lc|464
T#835|12|941|9210|alpino_lc|405
T#836|13|3202|22060|alpino_lc|605
T#837|6|1|60|alpino_lc|36
T#838|5|1|40|alpino_lc|29
T#839|5|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#840|5|4|130|alpino_lc|102
T#841|8|27|850|alpino_lc|810
T#842|7|2|110|alpino_lc|117
T#843|5|4|200|alpino_lc|60
T#844|8|1426|9040|alpino_lc|1450
T#845|9|6|180|alpino_lc|73
T#846|12|342|7580|alpino_lc|3411
T#847|10|15|1950|alpino_lc|687
T#848|11|17|7160|alpino_lc|844
T#849|7|37|1020|alpino_lc|347
T#850|10|2|340|alpino_lc|261
T#851|9|4|190|alpino_lc|88
T#852|14|60|15510|alpino_lc|2349
T#853|12|2|1650|alpino_lc|179
T#854|8|58|2640|alpino_lc|1436
T#855|7|5|290|alpino_lc|93
T#856|5|5|50|alpino_lc|11
T#857|6|4|110|alpino_lc|78
T#858|4|3|280|alpino_lc|62
T#859|8|4|400|alpino_lc|184
T#860|8|1|310|alpino_lc|115
T#861|13|58|1720|alpino_lc|515
T#862|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#863|6|7|120|alpino_lc|35
T#864|6|9|170|alpino_lc|44
T#865|5|4|60|alpino_lc|17
T#866|6|24|380|alpino_lc|117
T#867|5|3|80|alpino_lc|22
T#868|7|6|440|alpino_lc|155
T#869|7|3|680|alpino_lc|169
T#870|9|1|680|alpino_lc|487
T#871|8|16|280|alpino_lc|98
T#872|4|2|110|alpino_lc|17
T#873|5|7|740|alpino_lc|556
T#874|8|1|1410|alpino_lc|683
T#875|6|2|330|alpino_lc|122
T#876|7|1|380|alpino_lc|150
T#877|8|1|540|alpino_lc|60
T#878|8|5|600|alpino_lc|145
T#879|8|3|510|alpino_lc|317
T#880|6|1|150|alpino_lc|14
T#881|7|2|790|alpino_lc|84
T#882|7|3|470|alpino_lc|85
T#883|9|3|740|alpino_lc|149
T#884|10|9|1620|alpino_lc|632
T#885|5|4|170|alpino_lc|45
T#886|9|3|170|alpino_lc|76
T#887|14|12|1290|alpino_lc|416
T#888|7|4|260|alpino_lc|63
T#889|11|14|710|alpino_lc|235
T#890|5|2|550|alpino_lc|53
T#891|5|5|250|alpino_lc|43
T#892|6|8|370|alpino_lc|45
T#893|4|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#894|6|3|140|alpino_lc|28
T#895|4|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#896|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#897|4|2|60|alpino_lc|17
T#898|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#899|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#900|5|10|430|alpino_lc|67
T#901|5|3|530|alpino_lc|69
T#902|6|7|170|alpino_lc|48
T#903|7|14|430|alpino_lc|154
T#904|6|4|290|alpino_lc|87
T#905|5|3|240|alpino_lc|72
T#906|9|6|190|alpino_lc|176
T#907|6|2|140|alpino_lc|87
T#908|11|180|1490|alpino_lc|784
T#909|7|6|530|alpino_lc|122
T#910|8|13|340|alpino_lc|97
T#911|5|6|380|alpino_lc|163
T#912|9|8|1740|alpino_lc|598
T#913|8|2|350|alpino_lc|231
T#914|11|6|360|alpino_lc|134
T#915|10|98|1660|alpino_lc|385
T#916|6|6|200|alpino_lc|52
T#917|8|6|560|alpino_lc|150
T#918|10|8|320|alpino_lc|114
T#919|12|1|650|alpino_lc|192
T#920|5|2|130|alpino_lc|32
T#921|7|28|450|alpino_lc|169
T#922|6|20|460|alpino_lc|217
T#923|8|52|1490|alpino_lc|421
T#924|11|296|5910|alpino_lc|1648
T#925|8|5|1070|alpino_lc|412
T#926|8|1|680|alpino_lc|245
T#927|10|6|160|alpino_lc|57
T#928|9|10|340|alpino_lc|228
T#929|10|5|550|alpino_lc|207
T#930|7|19|1850|alpino_lc|298
T#931|10|190|5370|alpino_lc|884
T#932|11|2|1000|alpino_lc|141
T#933|4|4|70|alpino_lc|54
T#934|5|18|290|alpino_lc|205
T#935|8|115|4370|alpino_lc|669
T#936|7|68|4060|alpino_lc|849
T#937|6|2|80|alpino_lc|24
T#938|7|4|440|alpino_lc|269
T#939|6|2|250|alpino_lc|44
T#940|7|5|190|alpino_lc|119
T#941|6|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#942|6|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#943|7|3|130|alpino_lc|74
T#944|9|30|2140|alpino_lc|1044
T#945|8|15|740|alpino_lc|815
T#946|8|6|850|alpino_lc|264
T#947|7|8|850|alpino_lc|488
T#948|9|24|3760|alpino_lc|887
T#949|8|15|640|alpino_lc|603
T#950|8|6|2420|alpino_lc|705
T#951|7|8|470|alpino_lc|397
T#952|11|10|4070|alpino_lc|935
T#953|11|3|1530|alpino_lc|670
T#954|8|2|440|alpino_lc|145
T#955|8|15|1420|alpino_lc|859
T#956|7|15|280|alpino_lc|127
T#957|11|87|3240|alpino_lc|1671
T#958|12|35|1090|alpino_lc|528
T#959|6|6|110|alpino_lc|49
T#960|7|2|300|alpino_lc|61
T#961|7|1|310|alpino_lc|157
T#962|8|5|430|alpino_lc|194
T#963|7|1|450|alpino_lc|163
T#964|7|26|1290|alpino_lc|250
T#965|6|3|150|alpino_lc|102
T#966|6|12|520|alpino_lc|99
T#967|9|499|3480|alpino_lc|1149
T#968|7|80|1430|alpino_lc|588
T#969|6|2|320|alpino_lc|71
T#970|11|45|790|alpino_lc|470
T#971|5|5|220|alpino_lc|56
T#972|10|456|4660|alpino_lc|1983
T#973|5|2|110|alpino_lc|40
T#974|8|3|70|alpino_lc|51
T#975|5|3|40|alpino_lc|30
T#976|9|8|520|alpino_lc|216
T#977|5|4|250|alpino_lc|62
T#978|6|2|150|alpino_lc|20
T#979|6|1|240|alpino_lc|192
T#980|4|2|90|alpino_lc|86
T#981|8|5|250|alpino_lc|143
T#982|5|4|140|alpino_lc|46
T#983|6|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#984|6|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#985|7|34|2430|alpino_lc|426
T#986|5|14|480|alpino_lc|129
T#987|5|18|1040|alpino_lc|252
T#988|6|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#989|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#990|8|22|550|alpino_lc|186
T#991|8|6|190|alpino_lc|50
T#992|8|12|190|alpino_lc|57
T#993|9|30|430|alpino_lc|125
T#994|4|4|40|alpino_lc|18
T#995|9|152|1950|alpino_lc|1017
T#996|8|3|200|alpino_lc|94
T#997|7|4|1170|alpino_lc|61
T#998|8|4|1510|alpino_lc|97
T#999|8|3|360|alpino_lc|305
T#1000|7|8|620|alpino_lc|326
