cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 7440 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 8530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 8560 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 8110 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 16070 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 12650 msec
cputime total 51330 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 27750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 37810 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 287330 msec
cputime total 139000 msec
cputime total 169280 msec
cputime total 12540 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 14130 msec
cputime total 44910 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
T#1|3|2|80|alpino_lc|22
T#2|11|3|800|alpino_lc|263
T#3|9|9|220|alpino_lc|119
T#4|8|5|290|alpino_lc|187
T#5|17|681|7440|alpino_lc|5517
T#6|17|96|7770|alpino_lc|6532
T#7|11|121|8530|alpino_lc|1858
T#8|11|16|500|alpino_lc|133
T#9|11|6|8350|alpino_lc|2363
T#10|12|108|1280|alpino_lc|605
T#11|8|117|1450|alpino_lc|687
T#12|9|22|740|alpino_lc|470
T#13|9|1|560|alpino_lc|312
T#14|6|6|460|alpino_lc|113
T#15|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#16|8|1|140|alpino_lc|114
T#17|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#18|4|2|40|alpino_lc|18
T#19|4|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#20|9|1|100|alpino_lc|81
T#21|5|5|190|alpino_lc|65
T#22|10|18|730|alpino_lc|344
T#23|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#24|5|2|50|alpino_lc|40
T#25|4|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#26|6|4|230|alpino_lc|169
T#27|7|24|1190|alpino_lc|583
T#28|5|5|160|alpino_lc|57
T#29|7|51|2140|alpino_lc|547
T#30|7|2|260|alpino_lc|139
T#31|11|10|610|alpino_lc|450
T#32|6|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#33|4|3|110|alpino_lc|28
T#34|6|2|120|alpino_lc|61
T#35|6|4|90|alpino_lc|69
T#36|6|6|140|alpino_lc|74
T#37|4|3|80|alpino_lc|13
T#38|5|4|140|alpino_lc|47
T#39|7|11|350|alpino_lc|193
T#40|7|2|480|alpino_lc|231
T#41|5|7|250|alpino_lc|46
T#42|8|2|440|alpino_lc|201
T#43|8|29|1890|alpino_lc|544
T#44|8|11|760|alpino_lc|477
T#45|5|9|150|alpino_lc|56
T#46|6|3|130|alpino_lc|57
T#47|5|2|110|alpino_lc|41
T#48|5|2|60|alpino_lc|21
T#49|4|4|290|alpino_lc|82
T#50|4|2|50|alpino_lc|12
T#51|6|2|210|alpino_lc|146
T#52|5|4|110|alpino_lc|38
T#53|5|25|370|alpino_lc|206
T#54|5|2|60|alpino_lc|23
T#55|5|4|160|alpino_lc|56
T#56|7|62|840|alpino_lc|359
T#57|7|33|830|alpino_lc|373
T#58|7|100|1970|alpino_lc|543
T#59|7|10|560|alpino_lc|229
T#60|7|5|650|alpino_lc|217
T#61|8|9|500|alpino_lc|313
T#62|5|22|330|alpino_lc|121
T#63|5|2|60|alpino_lc|23
T#64|6|2|140|alpino_lc|54
T#65|8|19|830|alpino_lc|267
T#66|8|198|1030|alpino_lc|332
T#67|7|29|1150|alpino_lc|286
T#68|5|3|110|alpino_lc|27
T#69|6|10|210|alpino_lc|205
T#70|4|2|70|alpino_lc|31
T#71|7|5|220|alpino_lc|107
T#72|7|5|290|alpino_lc|126
T#73|7|4|190|alpino_lc|75
T#74|10|21|620|alpino_lc|254
T#75|8|11|300|alpino_lc|187
T#76|6|2|100|alpino_lc|38
T#77|7|6|120|alpino_lc|35
T#78|12|476|2620|alpino_lc|660
T#79|12|2589|8560|alpino_lc|882
T#80|11|594|2290|alpino_lc|803
T#81|6|16|190|alpino_lc|87
T#82|8|8|240|alpino_lc|184
T#83|7|11|240|alpino_lc|327
T#84|7|2|240|alpino_lc|138
T#85|9|48|750|alpino_lc|532
T#86|7|4|730|alpino_lc|388
T#87|15|1631|18140|alpino_lc|16616
T#88|9|78|1390|alpino_lc|576
T#89|8|14|400|alpino_lc|295
T#90|5|2|60|alpino_lc|40
T#91|6|12|240|alpino_lc|200
T#92|5|3|110|alpino_lc|70
T#93|6|4|150|alpino_lc|86
T#94|5|4|120|alpino_lc|44
T#95|6|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#96|6|8|820|alpino_lc|279
T#97|7|12|390|alpino_lc|186
T#98|8|28|880|alpino_lc|471
T#99|4|3|180|alpino_lc|144
T#100|4|7|230|alpino_lc|96
T#101|7|3|480|alpino_lc|346
T#102|5|4|1290|alpino_lc|258
T#103|5|2|320|alpino_lc|29
T#104|6|3|150|alpino_lc|65
T#105|7|3|920|alpino_lc|406
T#106|5|4|1220|alpino_lc|398
T#107|5|6|810|alpino_lc|326
T#108|5|1|270|alpino_lc|10
T#109|4|1|140|alpino_lc|11
T#110|5|3|1100|alpino_lc|823
T#111|5|3|260|alpino_lc|132
T#112|6|2|730|alpino_lc|606
T#113|8|8|820|alpino_lc|397
T#114|5|9|210|alpino_lc|113
T#115|5|3|140|alpino_lc|48
T#116|4|2|30|alpino_lc|7
T#117|4|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#118|7|33|600|alpino_lc|181
T#119|4|2|50|alpino_lc|7
T#120|4|4|80|alpino_lc|9
T#121|12|44|1010|alpino_lc|895
T#122|8|1|410|alpino_lc|120
T#123|4|4|220|alpino_lc|83
T#124|7|58|890|alpino_lc|356
T#125|8|12|520|alpino_lc|394
T#126|4|3|80|alpino_lc|30
T#127|3|2|70|alpino_lc|16
T#128|4|2|120|alpino_lc|30
T#129|4|3|170|alpino_lc|71
T#130|4|5|220|alpino_lc|91
T#131|4|2|200|alpino_lc|72
T#132|4|6|140|alpino_lc|51
T#133|5|3|90|alpino_lc|59
T#134|5|8|240|alpino_lc|105
T#135|4|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#136|3|9|270|alpino_lc|86
T#137|10|685|4830|alpino_lc|722
T#138|6|138|1940|alpino_lc|595
T#139|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#140|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#141|6|4|220|alpino_lc|237
T#142|6|9|280|alpino_lc|115
T#143|9|19|820|alpino_lc|398
T#144|9|5|890|alpino_lc|400
T#145|5|1|50|alpino_lc|68
T#146|3|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#147|3|9|80|alpino_lc|25
T#148|10|19|660|alpino_lc|473
T#149|2|2|70|alpino_lc|21
T#150|5|12|250|alpino_lc|153
T#151|10|6|740|alpino_lc|343
T#152|9|3|440|alpino_lc|218
T#153|10|48|850|alpino_lc|589
T#154|9|46|820|alpino_lc|442
T#155|10|7|800|alpino_lc|504
T#156|11|32|510|alpino_lc|326
T#157|11|33|3400|alpino_lc|1719
T#158|11|42|6050|alpino_lc|1444
T#159|12|35|3800|alpino_lc|1778
T#160|12|65|2210|alpino_lc|1127
T#161|8|2|510|alpino_lc|201
T#162|8|12|330|alpino_lc|85
T#163|9|4|240|alpino_lc|130
T#164|8|3|180|alpino_lc|57
T#165|7|14|420|alpino_lc|96
T#166|8|8|860|alpino_lc|291
T#167|6|1|260|alpino_lc|43
T#168|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#169|9|333|850|alpino_lc|266
T#170|17|222|4350|alpino_lc|1424
T#171|8|62|1120|alpino_lc|239
T#172|4|26|620|alpino_lc|123
T#173|6|22|390|alpino_lc|87
T#174|6|14|260|alpino_lc|151
T#175|7|26|3120|alpino_lc|135
T#176|8|14|320|alpino_lc|196
T#177|6|24|390|alpino_lc|209
T#178|5|14|270|alpino_lc|100
T#179|12|55|5060|alpino_lc|960
T#180|6|28|260|alpino_lc|121
T#181|5|18|240|alpino_lc|79
T#182|7|26|1220|alpino_lc|307
T#183|5|5|420|alpino_lc|133
T#184|5|8|290|alpino_lc|130
T#185|5|5|250|alpino_lc|112
T#186|6|5|60|alpino_lc|32
T#187|7|20|200|alpino_lc|50
T#188|4|7|60|alpino_lc|17
T#189|5|28|190|alpino_lc|32
T#190|3|15|150|alpino_lc|52
T#191|4|3|60|alpino_lc|8
T#192|3|3|80|alpino_lc|27
T#193|4|7|140|alpino_lc|25
T#194|3|4|40|alpino_lc|14
T#195|4|3|160|alpino_lc|92
T#196|2|2|10|alpino_lc|4
T#197|3|2|40|alpino_lc|15
T#198|5|5|540|alpino_lc|187
T#201|5|6|160|alpino_lc|85
T#202|6|63|490|alpino_lc|260
T#203|4|3|100|alpino_lc|45
T#204|5|6|180|alpino_lc|68
T#205|5|2|40|alpino_lc|14
T#206|4|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#207|4|4|50|alpino_lc|17
T#208|7|3|370|alpino_lc|220
T#209|10|22|2260|alpino_lc|934
T#210|9|370|2430|alpino_lc|1045
T#211|7|3|130|alpino_lc|55
T#212|11|3|780|alpino_lc|263
T#213|9|8|450|alpino_lc|158
T#214|11|43|1620|alpino_lc|709
T#215|8|8|590|alpino_lc|204
T#216|6|13|130|alpino_lc|30
T#217|5|3|50|alpino_lc|19
T#218|4|3|40|alpino_lc|9
T#219|5|12|150|alpino_lc|35
T#220|11|56|3970|alpino_lc|1239
T#221|12|21|1320|alpino_lc|392
T#222|9|24|920|alpino_lc|587
T#223|9|21|840|alpino_lc|335
T#224|2|2|10|alpino_lc|4
T#225|3|2|30|alpino_lc|15
T#229|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#230|3|4|40|alpino_lc|15
T#231|3|5|40|alpino_lc|11
T#232|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#233|6|3|110|alpino_lc|51
T#234|7|3|100|alpino_lc|40
T#235|3|19|150|alpino_lc|26
T#236|3|2|40|alpino_lc|9
T#237|3|4|40|alpino_lc|8
T#238|9|70|1780|alpino_lc|868
T#239|8|16|1150|alpino_lc|428
T#240|9|43|5610|alpino_lc|1102
T#241|11|1|560|alpino_lc|285
T#242|5|5|90|alpino_lc|23
T#243|7|16|580|alpino_lc|126
T#244|7|6|410|alpino_lc|165
T#245|7|20|2120|alpino_lc|450
T#246|10|13|1250|alpino_lc|956
T#247|3|7|40|alpino_lc|7
T#248|4|7|80|alpino_lc|12
T#249|11|27|860|alpino_lc|414
T#251|11|66|1410|alpino_lc|531
T#253|3|2|50|alpino_lc|12
T#254|4|5|130|alpino_lc|25
T#256|8|12|1650|alpino_lc|579
T#257|8|61|910|alpino_lc|204
T#258|8|52|1750|alpino_lc|435
T#259|7|2|230|alpino_lc|77
T#260|9|19|360|alpino_lc|135
T#261|7|8|600|alpino_lc|261
T#262|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#263|10|112|8110|alpino_lc|650
T#264|10|18|540|alpino_lc|524
T#265|10|420|4720|alpino_lc|871
T#266|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#267|7|3|120|alpino_lc|30
T#268|4|12|190|alpino_lc|62
T#269|5|3|60|alpino_lc|25
T#270|6|11|210|alpino_lc|72
T#271|5|5|210|alpino_lc|67
T#272|4|13|90|alpino_lc|17
T#273|8|6|240|alpino_lc|117
T#274|3|3|30|alpino_lc|10
T#275|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#276|5|15|230|alpino_lc|105
T#277|5|3|50|alpino_lc|12
T#278|9|64|1370|alpino_lc|363
T#279|11|11|390|alpino_lc|121
T#281|6|8|130|alpino_lc|28
T#282|7|3|100|alpino_lc|24
T#283|5|2|80|alpino_lc|27
T#284|5|2|30|alpino_lc|10
T#285|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#286|6|6|90|alpino_lc|25
T#287|6|7|90|alpino_lc|27
T#288|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#289|4|2|50|alpino_lc|10
T#290|4|5|60|alpino_lc|17
T#291|9|4|260|alpino_lc|49
T#292|6|2|130|alpino_lc|24
T#293|21|170|16070|alpino_lc|6949
T#294|8|5|350|alpino_lc|184
T#295|3|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#296|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#297|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#298|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#299|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#300|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#301|7|4|70|alpino_lc|16
T#302|7|28|730|alpino_lc|274
T#303|13|11|740|alpino_lc|315
T#304|6|17|460|alpino_lc|229
T#305|6|33|520|alpino_lc|246
T#306|7|24|290|alpino_lc|137
T#307|9|18|440|alpino_lc|168
T#308|10|33|580|alpino_lc|361
T#309|4|2|90|alpino_lc|22
T#310|14|96|2030|alpino_lc|539
T#311|15|1162|12650|alpino_lc|1736
T#312|18|5000|51330|alpino_lc|6827
T#313|11|14|670|alpino_lc|221
T#314|2|4|30|alpino_lc|8
T#315|3|3|30|alpino_lc|6
T#316|4|4|40|alpino_lc|11
T#317|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#318|4|2|30|alpino_lc|8
T#319|3|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#320|3|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#321|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#322|8|10|400|alpino_lc|88
T#323|8|6|620|alpino_lc|396
T#324|9|6|380|alpino_lc|150
T#325|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#326|6|2|90|alpino_lc|48
T#327|11|34|430|alpino_lc|86
T#328|4|4|40|alpino_lc|12
T#329|7|4|140|alpino_lc|96
T#330|12|88|2130|alpino_lc|666
T#331|3|3|30|alpino_lc|7
T#332|7|10|1100|alpino_lc|433
T#333|6|20|540|alpino_lc|228
T#334|8|8|150|alpino_lc|48
T#335|5|37|420|alpino_lc|138
T#336|5|3|70|alpino_lc|21
T#337|9|1|210|alpino_lc|136
T#338|7|117|920|alpino_lc|158
T#339|11|20|1160|alpino_lc|235
T#340|6|3|250|alpino_lc|58
T#341|5|4|420|alpino_lc|266
T#342|3|3|70|alpino_lc|51
T#343|7|42|580|alpino_lc|556
T#344|9|18|880|alpino_lc|493
T#345|3|15|90|alpino_lc|34
T#346|4|4|60|alpino_lc|41
T#347|4|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#348|7|113|2020|alpino_lc|684
T#349|8|112|1500|alpino_lc|350
T#350|2|2|30|alpino_lc|4
T#351|4|12|100|alpino_lc|27
T#352|2|5|40|alpino_lc|7
T#353|5|3|70|alpino_lc|12
T#354|7|3|140|alpino_lc|56
T#355|7|7|150|alpino_lc|62
T#356|11|169|2820|alpino_lc|588
T#357|9|2|210|alpino_lc|163
T#358|7|24|430|alpino_lc|161
T#359|7|4|180|alpino_lc|113
T#360|10|66|1680|alpino_lc|968
T#361|10|3|240|alpino_lc|156
T#362|8|64|2620|alpino_lc|956
T#363|9|3|370|alpino_lc|336
T#364|7|8|170|alpino_lc|112
T#366|10|12|580|alpino_lc|345
T#367|11|48|710|alpino_lc|423
T#368|8|4|150|alpino_lc|96
T#369|5|2|60|alpino_lc|33
T#371|5|3|270|alpino_lc|130
T#372|7|5|500|alpino_lc|304
T#373|7|6|160|alpino_lc|142
T#374|9|11|230|alpino_lc|229
T#376|9|168|5280|alpino_lc|1550
T#377|8|68|1130|alpino_lc|239
T#378|13|257|10750|alpino_lc|2098
T#379|7|80|450|alpino_lc|171
T#380|11|3111|27750|alpino_lc|2414
T#381|6|5|220|alpino_lc|98
T#382|14|691|3510|alpino_lc|1028
T#383|9|128|1770|alpino_lc|894
T#384|5|14|330|alpino_lc|104
T#385|5|7|300|alpino_lc|184
T#386|5|6|170|alpino_lc|52
T#387|9|3|180|alpino_lc|175
T#388|10|3|230|alpino_lc|199
T#389|6|2|170|alpino_lc|86
T#390|7|3|180|alpino_lc|92
T#391|10|20|720|alpino_lc|797
T#392|8|60|640|alpino_lc|489
T#393|7|8|100|alpino_lc|98
T#394|7|8|110|alpino_lc|60
T#395|7|23|740|alpino_lc|288
T#396|8|17|2430|alpino_lc|551
T#397|6|32|620|alpino_lc|354
T#398|9|16|550|alpino_lc|550
T#399|6|40|1540|alpino_lc|594
T#400|13|2545|37810|alpino_lc|23605
T#401|10|90|2100|alpino_lc|998
T#402|8|90|580|alpino_lc|172
T#403|13|84|4830|alpino_lc|2290
T#404|12|89|2600|alpino_lc|1086
T#405|11|428|4260|alpino_lc|1968
T#406|12|201|3710|alpino_lc|2448
T#407|6|3|140|alpino_lc|59
T#408|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#409|13|6|180|alpino_lc|55
T#410|5|6|190|alpino_lc|140
T#411|8|9|230|alpino_lc|118
T#412|7|34|480|alpino_lc|257
T#413|9|3|510|alpino_lc|208
T#414|20|5000|287330|alpino_lc|28240
T#416|22|1968|139000|alpino_lc|23202
T#417|20|5000|169280|alpino_lc|30135
T#418|15|16|12540|alpino_lc|6397
T#419|16|80|4850|alpino_lc|1771
T#420|12|80|1210|alpino_lc|534
T#421|19|488|14130|alpino_lc|5070
T#422|21|3394|44910|alpino_lc|11387
T#423|18|436|5960|alpino_lc|2050
T#424|18|4|1050|alpino_lc|648
T#425|15|194|2690|alpino_lc|1068
