cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 22430 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 42940 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 52560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 46620 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 6990 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 14830 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 19160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 13290 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 13870 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 31200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 14730 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 163450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 27590 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 88120 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 9710 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 18390 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 16260 msec
cputime total 47900 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 104090 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 13810 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 68530 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 65020 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 17800 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 14450 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 12520 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 13400 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 41680 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9650 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9060 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 23670 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 16450 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 8450 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 53280 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 12300 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 35460 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 13870 msec
cputime total 9620 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7750 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 15180 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 13580 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 11880 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 18660 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 16890 msec
cputime total 29780 msec
cputime total 14340 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 17600 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 28470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 12130 msec
cputime total 15090 msec
cputime total 104080 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 34660 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 17510 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 6150 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 141910 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 640170 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 46800 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 8740 msec
cputime total 56090 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 75200 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 42850 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 73400 msec
cputime total 10430 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 13110 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 15290 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 19730 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 38590 msec
cputime total 12260 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 9080 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 6180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5990 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 14010 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 20250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 11530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 19790 msec
cputime total 113000 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 80940 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 42570 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 10320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10840 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 13300 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 11810 msec
cputime total 8660 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 14430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 25160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 13930 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
T#6|21|1|1330|alpino_lc|863
T#9|15|1|330|alpino_lc|146
T#19|15|1|680|alpino_lc|474
T#28|38|1|4850|alpino_lc|3958
T#34|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#48|23|1|4650|alpino_lc|2619
T#57|15|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#74|27|1|380|alpino_lc|188
T#79|11|1|310|alpino_lc|261
T#80|15|1|440|alpino_lc|210
T#84|45|1|4380|alpino_lc|1866
T#96|31|1|22430|alpino_lc|4787
T#99|26|1|1340|alpino_lc|759
T#101|12|1|330|alpino_lc|367
T#102|45|1|42940|alpino_lc|3656
T#103|10|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#112|35|1|5560|alpino_lc|1444
T#126|23|1|870|alpino_lc|637
T#138|17|1|270|alpino_lc|198
T#145|14|1|670|alpino_lc|455
T#155|15|1|560|alpino_lc|280
T#164|18|1|420|alpino_lc|504
T#172|31|1|52560|alpino_lc|31503
T#184|9|1|340|alpino_lc|303
T#202|66|1|46620|alpino_lc|8238
T#205|18|1|350|alpino_lc|151
T#210|14|1|430|alpino_lc|276
T#221|12|1|240|alpino_lc|96
T#228|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|646
T#254|26|1|5130|alpino_lc|5669
T#258|36|1|6990|alpino_lc|3053
T#260|21|1|4810|alpino_lc|4367
T#299|26|1|3370|alpino_lc|1513
T#305|12|1|420|alpino_lc|166
T#318|23|1|4210|alpino_lc|848
T#319|40|1|4610|alpino_lc|1242
T#336|13|1|450|alpino_lc|129
T#342|16|1|720|alpino_lc|303
T#371|12|1|870|alpino_lc|948
T#402|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|881
T#417|29|1|1530|alpino_lc|800
T#441|23|1|720|alpino_lc|418
T#453|22|1|1780|alpino_lc|1017
T#467|13|1|930|alpino_lc|559
T#468|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|646
T#472|20|1|1460|alpino_lc|1198
T#476|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|1766
T#490|31|1|1350|alpino_lc|507
T#500|30|1|14830|alpino_lc|4200
T#509|19|1|790|alpino_lc|397
T#513|9|1|210|alpino_lc|111
T#518|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#539|38|1|5040|alpino_lc|2084
T#564|10|1|170|alpino_lc|17
T#567|29|1|1340|alpino_lc|1170
T#569|15|1|320|alpino_lc|115
T#578|20|1|560|alpino_lc|593
T#582|13|1|210|alpino_lc|84
T#586|17|1|530|alpino_lc|146
T#587|7|1|390|alpino_lc|418
T#594|12|1|650|alpino_lc|769
T#608|38|1|19160|alpino_lc|5486
T#620|23|1|360|alpino_lc|115
T#622|13|1|240|alpino_lc|74
T#635|10|1|270|alpino_lc|127
T#638|37|1|870|alpino_lc|489
T#639|19|1|13290|alpino_lc|3572
T#640|16|1|2350|alpino_lc|689
T#656|23|1|7470|alpino_lc|6836
T#657|12|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#662|38|1|3810|alpino_lc|1598
T#679|21|1|1780|alpino_lc|1301
T#694|35|1|2150|alpino_lc|898
T#701|13|1|260|alpino_lc|280
T#703|10|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#711|39|1|2130|alpino_lc|1959
T#740|8|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#746|25|1|2380|alpino_lc|894
T#771|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|255
T#775|8|1|360|alpino_lc|182
T#778|7|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#786|10|1|250|alpino_lc|183
T#790|5|1|70|alpino_lc|94
T#791|8|1|360|alpino_lc|80
T#808|8|1|190|alpino_lc|85
T#811|23|1|860|alpino_lc|401
T#826|12|1|240|alpino_lc|39
T#833|20|1|350|alpino_lc|82
T#856|15|1|500|alpino_lc|374
T#867|29|1|13870|alpino_lc|9346
T#868|22|1|2540|alpino_lc|1783
T#870|32|1|570|alpino_lc|267
T#886|19|1|520|alpino_lc|336
T#892|21|1|460|alpino_lc|281
T#895|20|1|3660|alpino_lc|4666
T#921|30|1|8460|alpino_lc|6326
T#929|15|1|420|alpino_lc|262
T#931|7|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#938|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|784
T#942|14|1|520|alpino_lc|308
T#946|12|1|140|alpino_lc|109
T#974|8|1|170|alpino_lc|50
T#984|38|1|31200|alpino_lc|4716
T#986|11|1|140|alpino_lc|127
T#993|15|1|280|alpino_lc|107
T#1008|22|1|3330|alpino_lc|1042
T#1018|19|1|2450|alpino_lc|1932
T#1023|8|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#1025|5|1|100|alpino_lc|53
T#1035|30|1|5040|alpino_lc|2804
T#1054|13|1|230|alpino_lc|149
T#1059|19|1|5320|alpino_lc|2906
T#1072|27|1|570|alpino_lc|296
T#1084|12|1|320|alpino_lc|300
T#1088|23|1|14730|alpino_lc|8600
T#1097|21|1|1420|alpino_lc|619
T#1099|7|1|360|alpino_lc|140
T#1106|13|1|290|alpino_lc|108
T#1112|15|1|1510|alpino_lc|1236
T#1127|10|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#1133|19|1|350|alpino_lc|163
T#1143|13|1|320|alpino_lc|228
T#1173|16|1|1670|alpino_lc|1552
T#1174|29|1|3770|alpino_lc|361
T#1196|14|1|230|alpino_lc|183
T#1199|19|1|800|alpino_lc|270
T#1203|30|1|1240|alpino_lc|788
T#1209|64|1|163450|alpino_lc|55873
T#1225|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#1229|11|1|280|alpino_lc|359
T#1248|23|1|2180|alpino_lc|1357
T#1249|15|1|920|alpino_lc|266
T#1250|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|1036
T#1261|15|1|5710|alpino_lc|5676
T#1262|9|1|210|alpino_lc|96
T#1265|25|1|1090|alpino_lc|903
T#1275|16|1|590|alpino_lc|134
T#1293|11|1|800|alpino_lc|465
T#1312|20|1|600|alpino_lc|705
T#1313|15|1|2450|alpino_lc|988
T#1317|20|1|1930|alpino_lc|1347
T#1323|23|1|2040|alpino_lc|978
T#1333|14|1|3680|alpino_lc|1864
T#1344|16|1|940|alpino_lc|1122
T#1354|24|1|2460|alpino_lc|728
T#1358|4|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#1364|26|1|2930|alpino_lc|557
T#1377|29|1|1000|alpino_lc|399
T#1381|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|1262
T#1383|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#1386|27|1|1160|alpino_lc|593
T#1390|27|1|1810|alpino_lc|322
T#1401|49|1|2840|alpino_lc|1490
T#1434|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|1384
T#1440|19|1|3010|alpino_lc|4080
T#1460|10|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#1464|16|1|1130|alpino_lc|1026
T#1470|8|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#1475|5|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#1477|12|1|330|alpino_lc|40
T#1478|33|1|3720|alpino_lc|1087
T#1480|34|1|1110|alpino_lc|671
T#1481|15|1|910|alpino_lc|516
T#1484|13|1|350|alpino_lc|303
T#1489|22|1|1530|alpino_lc|962
T#1492|26|1|27590|alpino_lc|4346
T#1504|7|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#1507|28|1|1030|alpino_lc|359
T#1524|19|1|510|alpino_lc|381
T#1526|15|1|340|alpino_lc|130
T#1540|17|1|520|alpino_lc|311
T#1545|15|1|550|alpino_lc|120
T#1567|13|1|410|alpino_lc|106
T#1570|57|1|88120|alpino_lc|26445
T#1588|16|1|780|alpino_lc|309
T#1591|21|1|3620|alpino_lc|817
T#1605|27|1|1260|alpino_lc|599
T#1606|24|1|9710|alpino_lc|5702
T#1636|7|1|180|alpino_lc|99
T#1639|6|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#1640|7|1|60|alpino_lc|129
T#1646|13|1|620|alpino_lc|874
T#1663|11|1|260|alpino_lc|125
T#1670|26|1|2410|alpino_lc|1798
T#1675|30|1|18390|alpino_lc|7659
T#1676|24|1|3410|alpino_lc|718
T#1712|20|1|560|alpino_lc|322
T#1719|11|1|230|alpino_lc|274
T#1721|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|471
T#1722|24|1|16260|alpino_lc|16884
T#1733|44|1|47900|alpino_lc|3994
T#1738|13|1|820|alpino_lc|338
T#1761|48|1|104090|alpino_lc|32512
T#1763|13|1|180|alpino_lc|50
T#1764|23|1|630|alpino_lc|345
T#1766|20|1|4210|alpino_lc|4121
T#1779|25|1|3350|alpino_lc|3089
T#1790|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#1797|7|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#1819|9|1|140|alpino_lc|136
T#1835|13|1|830|alpino_lc|326
T#1844|8|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#1903|5|1|170|alpino_lc|31
T#1909|37|1|13810|alpino_lc|3261
T#1914|11|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#1923|31|1|880|alpino_lc|529
T#1926|19|1|560|alpino_lc|241
T#1936|15|1|1170|alpino_lc|1130
T#1938|12|1|360|alpino_lc|205
T#1947|49|1|68530|alpino_lc|26136
T#1964|25|1|980|alpino_lc|487
T#1969|34|1|2400|alpino_lc|554
T#1978|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|475
T#1981|39|1|3040|alpino_lc|777
T#1992|6|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#1994|13|1|360|alpino_lc|135
T#1999|16|1|580|alpino_lc|436
T#2004|20|1|1720|alpino_lc|1204
T#2016|9|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#2018|39|1|2980|alpino_lc|1469
T#2021|5|1|190|alpino_lc|22
T#2023|20|1|830|alpino_lc|734
T#2031|26|1|520|alpino_lc|182
T#2034|29|1|2000|alpino_lc|917
T#2036|6|1|230|alpino_lc|68
T#2038|10|1|250|alpino_lc|160
T#2043|7|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#2052|22|1|4590|alpino_lc|2063
T#2070|21|1|740|alpino_lc|287
T#2088|14|1|540|alpino_lc|364
T#2093|47|1|65020|alpino_lc|3078
T#2110|32|1|4920|alpino_lc|3012
T#2112|9|1|430|alpino_lc|363
T#2113|33|1|5940|alpino_lc|1762
T#2116|21|1|1920|alpino_lc|1069
T#2118|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#2124|5|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#2149|20|1|2210|alpino_lc|1094
T#2153|17|1|780|alpino_lc|362
T#2184|13|1|340|alpino_lc|166
T#2187|9|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#2191|22|1|1930|alpino_lc|1222
T#2202|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|724
T#2211|18|1|450|alpino_lc|270
T#2220|10|1|370|alpino_lc|433
T#2265|26|1|4960|alpino_lc|4422
T#2267|15|1|180|alpino_lc|89
T#2273|20|1|2120|alpino_lc|1453
T#2276|18|1|430|alpino_lc|284
T#2279|15|1|590|alpino_lc|304
T#2280|22|1|2670|alpino_lc|1985
T#2290|28|1|2300|alpino_lc|390
T#2292|10|1|200|alpino_lc|30
T#2293|36|1|17800|alpino_lc|2493
T#2300|18|1|250|alpino_lc|45
T#2304|18|1|510|alpino_lc|66
T#2311|11|1|190|alpino_lc|44
T#2320|21|1|830|alpino_lc|689
T#2324|9|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#2333|11|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#2337|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#2338|19|1|2660|alpino_lc|1619
T#2339|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|629
T#2352|18|1|1960|alpino_lc|2120
T#2355|16|1|5620|alpino_lc|4012
T#2373|9|1|230|alpino_lc|73
T#2378|10|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#2384|7|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#2414|22|1|950|alpino_lc|345
T#2426|6|1|660|alpino_lc|290
T#2435|17|1|4610|alpino_lc|3182
T#2436|30|1|14450|alpino_lc|5227
T#2445|18|1|190|alpino_lc|49
T#2454|34|1|3010|alpino_lc|1219
T#2461|21|1|12520|alpino_lc|5822
T#2466|29|1|2940|alpino_lc|2369
T#2479|12|1|290|alpino_lc|156
T#2480|8|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#2497|36|1|7260|alpino_lc|1329
T#2515|20|1|750|alpino_lc|290
T#2527|19|1|940|alpino_lc|680
T#2544|22|1|9040|alpino_lc|3589
T#2564|18|1|13400|alpino_lc|13552
T#2569|18|1|1460|alpino_lc|1209
T#2570|10|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#2578|8|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#2586|29|1|1610|alpino_lc|868
T#2590|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#2610|35|1|1910|alpino_lc|1356
T#2611|34|1|41680|alpino_lc|18463
T#2616|14|1|500|alpino_lc|306
T#2635|7|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#2636|42|1|9650|alpino_lc|9643
T#2639|10|1|200|alpino_lc|56
T#2648|11|1|250|alpino_lc|285
T#2653|7|1|60|alpino_lc|51
T#2656|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|1031
T#2660|16|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#2671|31|1|9060|alpino_lc|2167
T#2675|19|1|2880|alpino_lc|3208
T#2683|32|1|2960|alpino_lc|1697
T#2693|22|1|9960|alpino_lc|4004
T#2694|14|1|1490|alpino_lc|2260
T#2721|17|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#2727|29|1|6060|alpino_lc|1081
T#2741|35|1|1420|alpino_lc|1971
T#2742|17|1|440|alpino_lc|464
T#2743|11|1|390|alpino_lc|157
T#2756|12|1|290|alpino_lc|88
T#2758|8|1|250|alpino_lc|186
T#2773|28|1|23670|alpino_lc|9447
T#2789|16|1|360|alpino_lc|236
T#2793|11|1|180|alpino_lc|132
T#2845|37|1|5890|alpino_lc|1237
T#2875|10|1|500|alpino_lc|330
T#2879|30|1|680|alpino_lc|187
T#2885|6|1|190|alpino_lc|11
T#2889|9|1|910|alpino_lc|109
T#2892|17|1|2060|alpino_lc|1006
T#2893|12|1|260|alpino_lc|186
T#2896|16|1|480|alpino_lc|130
T#2900|23|1|560|alpino_lc|343
T#2905|16|1|440|alpino_lc|406
T#2907|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|853
T#2912|26|1|16450|alpino_lc|6249
T#2916|20|1|300|alpino_lc|143
T#2918|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|469
T#2928|6|1|170|alpino_lc|109
T#2949|17|1|2200|alpino_lc|1058
T#2971|37|1|1810|alpino_lc|585
T#2974|10|1|340|alpino_lc|144
T#2978|48|1|8760|alpino_lc|2780
T#2987|12|1|290|alpino_lc|87
T#3019|21|1|740|alpino_lc|137
T#3029|29|1|2630|alpino_lc|260
T#3035|12|1|340|alpino_lc|312
T#3045|24|1|8450|alpino_lc|3667
T#3054|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|650
T#3063|38|1|53280|alpino_lc|12098
T#3076|21|1|4890|alpino_lc|8813
T#3077|13|1|190|alpino_lc|37
T#3091|21|1|5820|alpino_lc|2297
T#3124|23|1|4450|alpino_lc|2565
T#3131|21|1|670|alpino_lc|738
T#3135|21|1|1480|alpino_lc|1018
T#3141|16|1|280|alpino_lc|149
T#3148|39|1|3240|alpino_lc|1570
T#3157|18|1|350|alpino_lc|69
T#3159|8|1|240|alpino_lc|346
T#3162|16|1|440|alpino_lc|101
T#3178|23|1|12300|alpino_lc|2939
T#3181|40|1|4780|alpino_lc|2368
T#3196|9|1|430|alpino_lc|370
T#3203|18|1|970|alpino_lc|301
T#3205|9|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#3213|31|1|12000|alpino_lc|10677
T#3215|40|1|35460|alpino_lc|14329
T#3219|50|1|3260|alpino_lc|1080
T#3221|16|1|1000|alpino_lc|285
T#3229|19|1|720|alpino_lc|320
T#3231|4|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#3245|9|1|410|alpino_lc|401
T#3246|48|1|13870|alpino_lc|2846
T#3260|20|1|9620|alpino_lc|4692
T#3261|19|1|1530|alpino_lc|1179
T#3282|20|1|4570|alpino_lc|1931
T#3296|26|1|4520|alpino_lc|4487
T#3298|8|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#3317|11|1|390|alpino_lc|202
T#3336|20|1|1320|alpino_lc|491
T#3338|22|1|440|alpino_lc|384
T#3347|6|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#3353|35|1|1620|alpino_lc|1237
T#3355|20|1|520|alpino_lc|281
T#3356|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#3361|23|1|3260|alpino_lc|2386
T#3362|34|1|5850|alpino_lc|3890
T#3368|18|1|5270|alpino_lc|1920
T#3371|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|407
T#3376|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|591
T#3407|6|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#3410|22|1|2510|alpino_lc|1706
T#3412|15|1|280|alpino_lc|276
T#3419|30|1|2100|alpino_lc|1320
T#3435|21|1|690|alpino_lc|318
T#3436|19|1|810|alpino_lc|197
T#3438|23|1|2650|alpino_lc|1259
T#3440|19|1|570|alpino_lc|288
T#3453|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#3475|15|1|2100|alpino_lc|386
T#3485|6|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#3498|9|1|190|alpino_lc|127
T#3503|6|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#3529|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|761
T#3546|15|1|1640|alpino_lc|313
T#3557|9|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#3558|7|1|120|alpino_lc|90
T#3562|17|1|2810|alpino_lc|1084
T#3589|15|1|540|alpino_lc|380
T#3598|41|1|9110|alpino_lc|7970
T#3604|8|1|150|alpino_lc|180
T#3619|11|1|540|alpino_lc|317
T#3627|10|1|170|alpino_lc|94
T#3645|49|1|7750|alpino_lc|3200
T#3664|23|1|7650|alpino_lc|5972
T#3670|45|1|8210|alpino_lc|5738
T#3696|18|1|470|alpino_lc|162
T#3714|10|1|200|alpino_lc|40
T#3720|17|1|500|alpino_lc|325
T#3728|43|1|8590|alpino_lc|5389
T#3731|15|1|2330|alpino_lc|1583
T#3744|32|1|6520|alpino_lc|2527
T#3749|30|1|7580|alpino_lc|3760
T#3762|26|1|660|alpino_lc|148
T#3787|12|1|670|alpino_lc|369
T#3810|43|1|2050|alpino_lc|1081
T#3865|11|1|610|alpino_lc|217
T#3877|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#3898|9|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#3900|7|1|160|alpino_lc|7
T#3907|27|1|430|alpino_lc|176
T#3914|41|1|15180|alpino_lc|2603
T#3928|16|1|1110|alpino_lc|422
T#3957|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|539
T#3964|8|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#3971|21|1|590|alpino_lc|360
T#3976|12|1|290|alpino_lc|134
T#3983|19|1|2490|alpino_lc|1302
T#3998|14|1|1340|alpino_lc|881
T#4020|10|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#4044|21|1|1570|alpino_lc|438
T#4053|24|1|5800|alpino_lc|1957
T#4063|15|1|560|alpino_lc|255
T#4081|21|1|600|alpino_lc|624
T#4083|9|1|270|alpino_lc|101
T#4098|20|1|990|alpino_lc|1079
T#4104|14|1|1630|alpino_lc|737
T#4109|12|1|1590|alpino_lc|2575
T#4119|16|1|370|alpino_lc|87
T#4132|15|1|1010|alpino_lc|881
T#4134|10|1|200|alpino_lc|97
T#4140|24|1|2660|alpino_lc|460
T#4144|26|1|1700|alpino_lc|466
T#4167|25|1|2410|alpino_lc|1335
T#4171|25|1|570|alpino_lc|127
T#4174|14|1|360|alpino_lc|242
T#4180|18|1|360|alpino_lc|73
T#4185|9|1|370|alpino_lc|251
T#4192|10|1|900|alpino_lc|456
T#4207|14|1|260|alpino_lc|72
T#4215|28|1|4060|alpino_lc|2549
T#4220|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|565
T#4232|9|1|490|alpino_lc|186
T#4235|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|325
T#4256|17|1|580|alpino_lc|487
T#4263|25|1|2410|alpino_lc|2488
T#4268|11|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#4270|18|1|2020|alpino_lc|1232
T#4297|25|1|1110|alpino_lc|894
T#4303|20|1|250|alpino_lc|45
T#4311|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#4315|8|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#4318|11|1|400|alpino_lc|134
T#4330|18|1|990|alpino_lc|271
T#4335|26|1|3940|alpino_lc|915
T#4352|59|1|10750|alpino_lc|9339
T#4376|32|1|520|alpino_lc|285
T#4388|26|1|3480|alpino_lc|1669
T#4391|26|1|950|alpino_lc|273
T#4402|17|1|920|alpino_lc|1053
T#4404|26|1|750|alpino_lc|386
T#4406|38|1|13580|alpino_lc|7613
T#4413|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|882
T#4417|42|1|11880|alpino_lc|3807
T#4420|5|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#4425|9|1|570|alpino_lc|285
T#4426|22|1|3880|alpino_lc|595
T#4428|14|1|360|alpino_lc|105
T#4429|27|1|930|alpino_lc|501
T#4433|46|1|18660|alpino_lc|10247
T#4436|16|1|320|alpino_lc|224
T#4454|36|1|5170|alpino_lc|4254
T#4465|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#4470|5|1|30|alpino_lc|20
T#4490|37|1|16890|alpino_lc|9653
T#4493|31|1|29780|alpino_lc|22404
T#4501|44|1|14340|alpino_lc|13434
T#4530|33|1|6380|alpino_lc|3780
T#4543|31|1|1170|alpino_lc|193
T#4548|24|1|17600|alpino_lc|6872
T#4567|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#4572|32|1|1560|alpino_lc|814
T#4583|26|1|3980|alpino_lc|1711
T#4588|24|1|960|alpino_lc|715
T#4601|9|1|270|alpino_lc|237
T#4602|18|1|290|alpino_lc|168
T#4620|13|1|1280|alpino_lc|1111
T#4623|14|1|180|alpino_lc|22
T#4637|21|1|620|alpino_lc|61
T#4656|16|1|460|alpino_lc|180
T#4677|19|1|1280|alpino_lc|893
T#4682|9|1|540|alpino_lc|239
T#4704|23|1|4490|alpino_lc|790
T#4705|9|1|270|alpino_lc|84
T#4708|7|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#4712|21|1|690|alpino_lc|169
T#4718|27|1|1060|alpino_lc|366
T#4740|16|1|28470|alpino_lc|14909
T#4747|11|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#4764|12|1|280|alpino_lc|145
T#4770|23|1|1000|alpino_lc|1012
T#4773|8|1|480|alpino_lc|122
T#4775|4|1|20|alpino_lc|12
T#4777|35|1|12130|alpino_lc|2532
T#4778|35|1|15090|alpino_lc|7101
T#4779|53|1|104080|alpino_lc|19784
T#4780|25|1|1320|alpino_lc|472
T#4786|8|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#4804|29|1|1750|alpino_lc|1723
T#4813|7|1|210|alpino_lc|160
T#4839|21|1|380|alpino_lc|153
T#4846|16|1|440|alpino_lc|238
T#4851|10|1|290|alpino_lc|145
T#4853|13|1|190|alpino_lc|53
T#4856|22|1|660|alpino_lc|217
T#4866|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#4874|26|1|1310|alpino_lc|756
T#4882|13|1|180|alpino_lc|50
T#4895|26|1|3350|alpino_lc|2025
T#4916|26|1|410|alpino_lc|184
T#4938|16|1|480|alpino_lc|398
T#4945|43|1|6680|alpino_lc|1079
T#4963|24|1|1760|alpino_lc|1346
T#4973|14|1|340|alpino_lc|39
T#4991|10|1|420|alpino_lc|127
T#4998|20|1|1320|alpino_lc|745
T#4999|40|1|34660|alpino_lc|8895
T#5003|21|1|2160|alpino_lc|1000
T#5005|20|1|750|alpino_lc|368
T#5011|43|1|17510|alpino_lc|13272
T#5012|20|1|970|alpino_lc|287
T#5026|11|1|420|alpino_lc|243
T#5037|18|1|4050|alpino_lc|4915
T#5042|26|1|6150|alpino_lc|2168
T#5055|26|1|3860|alpino_lc|3734
T#5059|17|1|2720|alpino_lc|164
T#5080|13|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#5081|38|1|3710|alpino_lc|3639
T#5084|29|1|141910|alpino_lc|60449
T#5089|23|1|2920|alpino_lc|757
T#5102|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#5137|20|1|530|alpino_lc|335
T#5138|8|1|140|alpino_lc|134
T#5150|52|1|5260|alpino_lc|3164
T#5170|16|1|590|alpino_lc|284
T#5184|9|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#5189|17|1|330|alpino_lc|300
T#5191|19|1|370|alpino_lc|214
T#5199|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|762
T#5203|18|1|360|alpino_lc|190
T#5223|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#5229|40|1|640170|alpino_lc|235841
T#5243|27|1|2630|alpino_lc|1295
T#5257|28|1|1110|alpino_lc|194
T#5266|10|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#5273|15|1|1670|alpino_lc|1095
T#5275|53|1|46800|alpino_lc|9274
T#5296|11|1|230|alpino_lc|221
T#5312|21|1|650|alpino_lc|324
T#5333|32|1|1710|alpino_lc|1146
T#5340|14|1|690|alpino_lc|525
T#5368|9|1|470|alpino_lc|280
T#5372|10|1|450|alpino_lc|314
T#5387|19|1|520|alpino_lc|406
T#5407|35|1|8740|alpino_lc|1174
T#5424|55|1|56090|alpino_lc|40164
T#5430|19|1|650|alpino_lc|295
T#5445|10|1|390|alpino_lc|237
T#5447|25|1|2860|alpino_lc|813
T#5448|17|1|4380|alpino_lc|3247
T#5449|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|200
T#5450|19|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#5464|32|1|5660|alpino_lc|604
T#5467|19|1|2150|alpino_lc|1336
T#5468|51|1|75200|alpino_lc|4501
T#5479|11|1|470|alpino_lc|545
T#5490|52|1|42850|alpino_lc|4603
T#5493|14|1|590|alpino_lc|333
T#5501|5|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#5512|45|1|73400|alpino_lc|19981
T#5514|35|1|10430|alpino_lc|2892
T#5549|15|1|700|alpino_lc|181
T#5551|19|1|13110|alpino_lc|2233
T#5562|29|1|1640|alpino_lc|1372
T#5574|20|1|790|alpino_lc|163
T#5578|25|1|1190|alpino_lc|1222
T#5593|31|1|1630|alpino_lc|674
T#5618|17|1|580|alpino_lc|430
T#5637|37|1|15290|alpino_lc|8668
T#5644|20|1|1750|alpino_lc|1744
T#5649|19|1|670|alpino_lc|508
T#5655|19|1|990|alpino_lc|587
T#5688|26|1|3250|alpino_lc|2465
T#5700|37|1|19730|alpino_lc|4142
T#5707|21|1|2980|alpino_lc|990
T#5716|52|1|38590|alpino_lc|9322
T#5726|24|1|12260|alpino_lc|3291
T#5751|23|1|1500|alpino_lc|551
T#5766|17|1|1630|alpino_lc|492
T#5769|26|1|9080|alpino_lc|4147
T#5783|15|1|180|alpino_lc|41
T#5784|21|1|1380|alpino_lc|1246
T#5786|13|1|370|alpino_lc|304
T#5795|24|1|2390|alpino_lc|990
T#5801|11|1|180|alpino_lc|37
T#5802|26|1|6180|alpino_lc|3454
T#5809|9|1|110|alpino_lc|60
T#5819|9|1|370|alpino_lc|237
T#5823|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#5860|26|1|5990|alpino_lc|3338
T#5879|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#5888|11|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#5889|21|1|870|alpino_lc|325
T#5895|12|1|400|alpino_lc|246
T#5902|24|1|1300|alpino_lc|767
T#5936|28|1|1870|alpino_lc|517
T#5950|26|1|2130|alpino_lc|2060
T#5953|20|1|260|alpino_lc|105
T#5964|30|1|7120|alpino_lc|4671
T#5986|15|1|220|alpino_lc|84
T#5993|23|1|510|alpino_lc|206
T#6017|6|1|190|alpino_lc|189
T#6051|14|1|770|alpino_lc|250
T#6056|21|1|14010|alpino_lc|10664
T#6067|13|1|400|alpino_lc|85
T#6071|27|1|1010|alpino_lc|237
T#6073|6|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#6080|26|1|2300|alpino_lc|484
T#6093|11|1|1470|alpino_lc|1509
T#6094|12|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#6100|35|1|30140|alpino_lc|3804
T#6104|6|1|190|alpino_lc|47
T#6115|15|1|430|alpino_lc|261
T#6123|7|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#6124|22|1|1380|alpino_lc|415
T#6126|24|1|8210|alpino_lc|5560
T#6130|21|1|9000|alpino_lc|5285
T#6133|17|1|3700|alpino_lc|1483
T#6137|28|1|20250|alpino_lc|4543
T#6150|10|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#6167|9|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#6170|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#6183|24|1|11530|alpino_lc|4579
T#6192|12|1|500|alpino_lc|302
T#6209|18|1|2470|alpino_lc|1603
T#6222|34|1|19790|alpino_lc|6879
T#6226|63|1|113000|alpino_lc|44472
T#6232|8|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#6235|20|1|2250|alpino_lc|1435
T#6238|50|1|80940|alpino_lc|21720
T#6239|9|1|230|alpino_lc|63
T#6249|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#6251|16|1|1720|alpino_lc|595
T#6267|37|1|42570|alpino_lc|7379
T#6277|19|1|980|alpino_lc|1361
T#6298|8|1|280|alpino_lc|46
T#6300|31|1|1530|alpino_lc|731
T#6325|21|1|4150|alpino_lc|1653
T#6349|18|1|1280|alpino_lc|305
T#6350|16|1|5200|alpino_lc|2910
T#6351|21|1|2720|alpino_lc|1744
T#6362|13|1|190|alpino_lc|173
T#6366|4|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#6381|33|1|870|alpino_lc|383
T#6401|11|1|230|alpino_lc|97
T#6423|21|1|3820|alpino_lc|907
T#6424|23|1|1480|alpino_lc|652
T#6437|35|1|6300|alpino_lc|866
T#6441|38|1|2030|alpino_lc|1466
T#6457|37|1|3340|alpino_lc|3450
T#6458|44|1|3590|alpino_lc|2633
T#6487|14|1|780|alpino_lc|383
T#6494|20|1|10320|alpino_lc|4167
T#6507|17|1|420|alpino_lc|234
T#6508|20|1|2180|alpino_lc|580
T#6512|20|1|1240|alpino_lc|1308
T#6521|11|1|250|alpino_lc|120
T#6526|33|1|2520|alpino_lc|317
T#6548|10|1|230|alpino_lc|165
T#6556|10|1|500|alpino_lc|605
T#6567|14|1|210|alpino_lc|73
T#6570|9|1|220|alpino_lc|90
T#6582|15|1|1910|alpino_lc|995
T#6583|10|1|510|alpino_lc|261
T#6598|24|1|5950|alpino_lc|1946
T#6623|10|1|310|alpino_lc|346
T#6624|17|1|840|alpino_lc|406
T#6637|24|1|580|alpino_lc|188
T#6646|23|1|2080|alpino_lc|847
T#6679|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#6687|36|1|10840|alpino_lc|9704
T#6693|11|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#6694|29|1|490|alpino_lc|238
T#6698|14|1|440|alpino_lc|309
T#6707|15|1|640|alpino_lc|668
T#6731|23|1|1570|alpino_lc|957
T#6738|38|1|13300|alpino_lc|2598
T#6739|19|1|680|alpino_lc|616
T#6744|8|1|250|alpino_lc|71
T#6745|29|1|11810|alpino_lc|6530
T#6749|30|1|8660|alpino_lc|9830
T#6762|26|1|7350|alpino_lc|4206
T#6766|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|1011
T#6769|19|1|440|alpino_lc|294
T#6784|25|1|14430|alpino_lc|10008
T#6785|14|1|310|alpino_lc|137
T#6789|58|1|9270|alpino_lc|7191
T#6794|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|1312
T#6795|35|1|980|alpino_lc|430
T#6798|11|1|190|alpino_lc|80
T#6809|14|1|1720|alpino_lc|1282
T#6810|28|1|2040|alpino_lc|2204
T#6811|13|1|710|alpino_lc|240
T#6813|16|1|680|alpino_lc|162
T#6828|29|1|4430|alpino_lc|2130
T#6842|10|1|220|alpino_lc|84
T#6849|19|1|940|alpino_lc|730
T#6851|26|1|1520|alpino_lc|847
T#6857|31|1|25160|alpino_lc|12393
T#6874|4|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#6881|40|1|1600|alpino_lc|837
T#6882|19|1|490|alpino_lc|262
T#6890|26|1|1030|alpino_lc|744
T#6911|17|1|990|alpino_lc|925
T#6921|9|1|360|alpino_lc|143
T#6923|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#6932|11|1|530|alpino_lc|110
T#6948|24|1|13930|alpino_lc|5266
T#6968|10|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#6971|19|1|3990|alpino_lc|2035
T#6974|17|1|740|alpino_lc|891
T#6982|15|1|780|alpino_lc|178
T#6993|8|1|180|alpino_lc|117
T#7005|24|1|4350|alpino_lc|1014
T#7029|8|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#7057|18|1|500|alpino_lc|192
T#7064|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|603
T#7074|13|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#7103|12|1|670|alpino_lc|447
T#7107|10|1|370|alpino_lc|517
T#7108|11|1|410|alpino_lc|122
T#7110|20|1|370|alpino_lc|162
T#7134|10|1|220|alpino_lc|90
