cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 14070 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 10220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 21160 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 20330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 20200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 24400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 39650 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 17980 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 11100 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 23920 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 7550 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 84340 msec
cputime total 272300 msec
cputime total 213290 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 9250 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 13010 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 7500 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 8440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 88190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 7890 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5770 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 13410 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 27370 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 10580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 16890 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 14370 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 122790 msec
cputime total 18380 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 11360 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 26040 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 11260 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 7410 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 14940 msec
cputime total 362290 msec
cputime total 65530 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 216720 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 478840 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 6640 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 99490 msec
cputime total 290820 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 9510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 19600 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 45110 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 9790 msec
cputime total 62350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4540 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 14150 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 196180 msec
cputime total 48980 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 17790 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 11560 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10530 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 18210 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 8200 msec
cputime total 194620 msec
cputime total 12810 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 133130 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 36630 msec
T#1|8|15|2550|alpino_lc|1067
T#2|3|2|80|alpino_lc|6
T#3|10|26|640|alpino_lc|140
T#4|8|15|1790|alpino_lc|1067
T#5|10|28|580|alpino_lc|131
T#6|13|14|590|alpino_lc|341
T#7|14|90|2870|alpino_lc|662
T#8|11|18|540|alpino_lc|186
T#9|8|2|90|alpino_lc|32
T#10|10|11|770|alpino_lc|512
T#11|7|4|130|alpino_lc|45
T#12|10|11|850|alpino_lc|240
T#13|7|17|160|alpino_lc|60
T#14|6|3|400|alpino_lc|166
T#15|6|3|80|alpino_lc|78
T#16|7|2|130|alpino_lc|94
T#17|8|4|290|alpino_lc|156
T#18|9|18|410|alpino_lc|97
T#19|12|141|5120|alpino_lc|1482
T#20|8|7|250|alpino_lc|148
T#21|6|2|60|alpino_lc|37
T#22|7|2|90|alpino_lc|44
T#23|11|16|560|alpino_lc|112
T#24|15|13|760|alpino_lc|240
T#25|22|618|14070|alpino_lc|4650
T#26|8|2|170|alpino_lc|80
T#27|8|2|220|alpino_lc|127
T#28|9|2|220|alpino_lc|129
T#29|12|42|590|alpino_lc|208
T#30|6|6|80|alpino_lc|24
T#31|7|20|770|alpino_lc|470
T#32|6|2|190|alpino_lc|45
T#33|6|1|210|alpino_lc|18
T#34|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#35|7|1|310|alpino_lc|159
T#36|7|1|250|alpino_lc|207
T#37|6|7|130|alpino_lc|102
T#38|4|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#39|9|5|450|alpino_lc|183
T#40|8|3|220|alpino_lc|159
T#41|9|6|260|alpino_lc|164
T#42|11|18|570|alpino_lc|346
T#43|12|4|10220|alpino_lc|4532
T#44|8|15|440|alpino_lc|139
T#45|7|2|330|alpino_lc|131
T#46|7|18|220|alpino_lc|127
T#47|6|6|350|alpino_lc|225
T#48|5|8|100|alpino_lc|52
T#49|7|11|430|alpino_lc|170
T#50|5|12|530|alpino_lc|178
T#51|7|10|850|alpino_lc|274
T#52|13|672|3440|alpino_lc|1223
T#53|6|9|100|alpino_lc|69
T#54|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#55|9|4|340|alpino_lc|107
T#56|9|6|170|alpino_lc|54
T#57|6|3|140|alpino_lc|47
T#58|9|1|530|alpino_lc|70
T#59|7|12|700|alpino_lc|126
T#60|14|42|21160|alpino_lc|1935
T#61|9|7|850|alpino_lc|169
T#62|6|3|230|alpino_lc|37
T#63|5|25|350|alpino_lc|50
T#64|5|10|150|alpino_lc|25
T#65|5|27|310|alpino_lc|54
T#66|6|73|480|alpino_lc|48
T#67|11|203|3920|alpino_lc|250
T#68|10|79|1560|alpino_lc|211
T#69|10|126|2250|alpino_lc|219
T#70|12|2|2060|alpino_lc|588
T#71|9|4|210|alpino_lc|70
T#72|10|4|970|alpino_lc|372
T#73|7|8|280|alpino_lc|128
T#74|5|3|70|alpino_lc|22
T#75|4|2|30|alpino_lc|9
T#76|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#77|7|2|170|alpino_lc|67
T#78|6|4|200|alpino_lc|61
T#79|8|3|290|alpino_lc|84
T#80|7|21|830|alpino_lc|423
T#81|5|4|180|alpino_lc|100
T#82|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#83|8|5|230|alpino_lc|64
T#84|3|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#85|7|1|60|alpino_lc|38
T#86|9|20|440|alpino_lc|167
T#87|8|2|500|alpino_lc|640
T#88|8|5|270|alpino_lc|153
T#89|8|3|330|alpino_lc|106
T#90|3|2|70|alpino_lc|22
T#91|8|57|960|alpino_lc|352
T#92|6|4|130|alpino_lc|64
T#93|5|3|200|alpino_lc|90
T#94|4|3|80|alpino_lc|24
T#95|10|128|3720|alpino_lc|1160
T#96|7|8|410|alpino_lc|169
T#97|7|4|220|alpino_lc|124
T#98|8|32|1200|alpino_lc|393
T#99|8|2|230|alpino_lc|198
T#100|9|6|430|alpino_lc|289
T#101|17|168|3930|alpino_lc|768
T#102|8|1|480|alpino_lc|232
T#103|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#104|4|3|50|alpino_lc|32
T#106|9|6|410|alpino_lc|192
T#107|7|26|490|alpino_lc|240
T#112|7|74|2350|alpino_lc|1720
T#113|14|1348|20330|alpino_lc|7916
T#114|6|8|140|alpino_lc|76
T#115|11|74|1390|alpino_lc|432
T#116|7|4|210|alpino_lc|108
T#117|7|9|370|alpino_lc|439
T#118|6|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#119|11|5|270|alpino_lc|99
T#120|14|21|590|alpino_lc|302
T#121|5|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#122|10|5|320|alpino_lc|76
T#123|13|21|630|alpino_lc|298
T#124|10|45|2020|alpino_lc|756
T#125|12|36|2360|alpino_lc|475
T#126|13|160|20200|alpino_lc|3419
T#127|10|3|240|alpino_lc|134
T#128|7|10|1000|alpino_lc|301
T#129|7|6|300|alpino_lc|118
T#130|7|4|140|alpino_lc|36
T#131|11|3|1090|alpino_lc|336
T#132|7|3|250|alpino_lc|186
T#133|7|1|200|alpino_lc|58
T#134|9|2|410|alpino_lc|83
T#135|10|8|260|alpino_lc|84
T#136|9|5|1500|alpino_lc|488
T#137|8|14|380|alpino_lc|161
T#138|9|9|280|alpino_lc|83
T#139|8|4|130|alpino_lc|66
T#140|10|1|250|alpino_lc|87
T#141|8|11|1460|alpino_lc|457
T#142|7|4|430|alpino_lc|94
T#143|7|4|260|alpino_lc|150
T#144|10|228|2590|alpino_lc|852
T#145|7|6|600|alpino_lc|142
T#146|6|21|990|alpino_lc|109
T#147|6|6|290|alpino_lc|84
T#148|8|13|740|alpino_lc|242
T#149|7|7|400|alpino_lc|219
T#150|7|11|370|alpino_lc|168
T#151|5|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#152|8|5|110|alpino_lc|52
T#153|6|10|200|alpino_lc|55
T#154|7|34|690|alpino_lc|181
T#155|5|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#156|9|8|970|alpino_lc|170
T#157|8|14|320|alpino_lc|127
T#158|7|4|60|alpino_lc|27
T#159|15|98|3480|alpino_lc|1186
T#160|9|12|5050|alpino_lc|512
T#161|8|35|3350|alpino_lc|452
T#162|7|16|4530|alpino_lc|2060
T#163|6|2|70|alpino_lc|22
T#164|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#165|14|12|3010|alpino_lc|1460
T#166|12|54|780|alpino_lc|278
T#167|8|7|1110|alpino_lc|648
T#168|14|36|740|alpino_lc|208
T#169|14|52|840|alpino_lc|228
T#170|7|1|170|alpino_lc|29
T#171|7|12|350|alpino_lc|120
T#172|10|1|270|alpino_lc|109
T#173|7|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#174|6|4|390|alpino_lc|287
T#175|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#176|6|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#177|5|7|160|alpino_lc|235
T#178|3|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#179|3|2|140|alpino_lc|48
T#180|5|1|130|alpino_lc|83
T#181|5|2|140|alpino_lc|83
T#182|7|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#183|10|27|24400|alpino_lc|619
T#184|3|2|140|alpino_lc|27
T#185|7|6|350|alpino_lc|115
T#186|10|16|1900|alpino_lc|672
T#187|9|1|600|alpino_lc|213
T#188|8|2|210|alpino_lc|65
T#189|8|5|810|alpino_lc|231
T#190|6|1|300|alpino_lc|127
T#191|11|42|690|alpino_lc|310
T#192|14|81|4480|alpino_lc|1565
T#193|9|7|280|alpino_lc|115
T#194|11|385|5380|alpino_lc|1887
T#195|10|4|680|alpino_lc|275
T#196|7|12|2600|alpino_lc|370
T#197|11|1|1350|alpino_lc|1224
T#198|9|9|1280|alpino_lc|199
T#199|8|29|490|alpino_lc|306
T#200|11|66|2610|alpino_lc|996
T#201|10|130|2930|alpino_lc|1342
T#202|8|29|400|alpino_lc|95
T#203|11|18|380|alpino_lc|86
T#204|8|2|400|alpino_lc|132
T#205|8|2|730|alpino_lc|363
T#206|9|24|1620|alpino_lc|866
T#207|7|2|240|alpino_lc|94
T#208|10|7|2170|alpino_lc|949
T#209|12|24|8070|alpino_lc|3620
T#210|14|68|39650|alpino_lc|19268
T#211|7|9|740|alpino_lc|328
T#212|9|4|860|alpino_lc|374
T#213|7|2|420|alpino_lc|165
T#214|7|1|110|alpino_lc|44
T#215|6|8|850|alpino_lc|279
T#216|10|8|940|alpino_lc|954
T#217|10|7|930|alpino_lc|955
T#218|7|3|250|alpino_lc|109
T#219|9|50|2000|alpino_lc|566
T#220|5|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#221|4|2|90|alpino_lc|33
T#222|9|3|300|alpino_lc|151
T#223|5|2|80|alpino_lc|38
T#224|7|16|1200|alpino_lc|250
T#225|9|100|920|alpino_lc|205
T#226|6|11|1210|alpino_lc|931
T#227|7|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#228|9|20|330|alpino_lc|211
T#229|13|1|330|alpino_lc|121
T#230|14|1|240|alpino_lc|109
T#231|8|4|610|alpino_lc|407
T#232|9|9|960|alpino_lc|480
T#233|10|18|1240|alpino_lc|559
T#234|9|8|740|alpino_lc|462
T#235|6|18|390|alpino_lc|292
T#236|10|3|540|alpino_lc|516
T#237|8|2|670|alpino_lc|336
T#238|8|13|260|alpino_lc|146
T#239|7|40|1110|alpino_lc|455
T#240|10|54|1240|alpino_lc|777
T#241|10|54|1420|alpino_lc|1002
T#242|5|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#243|8|4|310|alpino_lc|78
T#244|12|166|4460|alpino_lc|1826
T#245|12|64|2470|alpino_lc|1894
T#246|13|195|17980|alpino_lc|3226
T#247|5|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#248|10|16|1510|alpino_lc|488
T#249|8|56|3950|alpino_lc|445
T#250|19|396|3920|alpino_lc|2858
T#251|16|3|1350|alpino_lc|391
T#252|10|5|3020|alpino_lc|431
T#253|12|86|1040|alpino_lc|413
T#254|14|200|650|alpino_lc|78
T#255|9|548|4040|alpino_lc|658
T#256|9|5|11100|alpino_lc|512
T#257|10|19|970|alpino_lc|305
T#258|8|143|3920|alpino_lc|1196
T#259|6|12|1200|alpino_lc|349
T#260|3|2|40|alpino_lc|4
T#261|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#262|3|3|60|alpino_lc|15
T#263|4|12|210|alpino_lc|73
T#264|3|5|60|alpino_lc|15
T#265|3|5|70|alpino_lc|21
T#266|3|4|60|alpino_lc|12
T#267|8|11|330|alpino_lc|84
T#268|10|120|1040|alpino_lc|606
T#269|12|48|520|alpino_lc|391
T#270|9|7|420|alpino_lc|527
T#271|9|13|340|alpino_lc|193
T#272|9|8|1720|alpino_lc|370
T#273|5|2|80|alpino_lc|26
T#274|3|2|50|alpino_lc|7
T#275|8|23|1840|alpino_lc|428
T#276|8|155|3370|alpino_lc|603
T#277|12|38|1270|alpino_lc|561
T#278|7|94|2070|alpino_lc|680
T#279|8|7|1180|alpino_lc|302
T#280|10|80|1350|alpino_lc|379
T#281|12|176|2330|alpino_lc|504
T#282|9|4|390|alpino_lc|212
T#283|9|5|570|alpino_lc|228
T#284|9|5|240|alpino_lc|113
T#285|9|38|620|alpino_lc|280
T#286|8|3|1750|alpino_lc|736
T#287|9|4|2710|alpino_lc|1374
T#288|5|16|310|alpino_lc|220
T#289|7|8|290|alpino_lc|69
T#290|14|2006|23920|alpino_lc|2202
T#291|13|56|1770|alpino_lc|627
T#292|8|3|550|alpino_lc|337
T#293|13|140|7550|alpino_lc|4248
T#294|9|18|230|alpino_lc|95
T#295|12|1372|84340|alpino_lc|5051
T#296|15|2142|272300|alpino_lc|23536
T#297|13|3259|213290|alpino_lc|7184
T#298|9|1|590|alpino_lc|325
T#299|12|8|2580|alpino_lc|973
T#300|11|86|1930|alpino_lc|1324
T#301|8|8|2160|alpino_lc|488
T#302|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#303|8|6|380|alpino_lc|332
T#304|4|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#305|15|40|1110|alpino_lc|1085
T#306|4|6|240|alpino_lc|62
T#307|5|4|90|alpino_lc|50
T#308|6|6|180|alpino_lc|63
T#309|5|33|920|alpino_lc|272
T#310|6|4|130|alpino_lc|24
T#311|5|4|130|alpino_lc|92
T#312|4|4|70|alpino_lc|14
T#313|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#314|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#315|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#316|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#317|4|10|120|alpino_lc|30
T#318|5|2|70|alpino_lc|12
T#319|17|1528|9250|alpino_lc|2391
T#320|13|8|770|alpino_lc|567
T#321|17|392|4480|alpino_lc|1420
T#322|6|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#323|21|556|13010|alpino_lc|3901
T#324|12|2|920|alpino_lc|309
T#325|9|5|730|alpino_lc|210
T#326|11|5|870|alpino_lc|423
T#327|9|16|330|alpino_lc|192
T#328|7|8|300|alpino_lc|75
T#329|9|10|960|alpino_lc|242
T#330|10|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#331|11|61|310|alpino_lc|98
T#332|14|24|1530|alpino_lc|389
T#333|11|48|1360|alpino_lc|359
T#334|4|2|60|alpino_lc|19
T#335|4|2|50|alpino_lc|19
T#336|3|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#337|6|2|80|alpino_lc|16
T#338|3|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#339|3|2|30|alpino_lc|9
T#340|6|19|560|alpino_lc|270
T#341|5|5|100|alpino_lc|50
T#342|9|103|1030|alpino_lc|465
T#343|6|8|360|alpino_lc|131
T#344|7|9|800|alpino_lc|239
T#345|11|14|560|alpino_lc|151
T#346|8|3|360|alpino_lc|157
T#347|10|156|2140|alpino_lc|1204
T#348|11|734|8220|alpino_lc|2014
T#349|16|244|2450|alpino_lc|672
T#350|17|137|3660|alpino_lc|1299
T#351|5|8|190|alpino_lc|100
T#352|6|15|510|alpino_lc|194
T#353|14|305|7500|alpino_lc|2690
T#354|11|14|560|alpino_lc|228
T#355|5|11|220|alpino_lc|141
T#356|5|16|500|alpino_lc|172
T#357|7|2|100|alpino_lc|45
T#358|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#359|6|4|100|alpino_lc|29
T#360|7|53|2720|alpino_lc|805
T#361|5|6|140|alpino_lc|49
T#362|7|8|220|alpino_lc|71
T#363|9|40|610|alpino_lc|205
T#364|7|1|120|alpino_lc|67
T#365|19|144|1850|alpino_lc|1010
T#366|8|1|2620|alpino_lc|500
T#367|9|3|440|alpino_lc|356
T#368|5|2|70|alpino_lc|16
T#369|10|1|570|alpino_lc|267
T#370|7|6|400|alpino_lc|203
T#371|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#372|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#373|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#374|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#375|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#376|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#377|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#378|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#379|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#380|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#381|12|5|660|alpino_lc|434
T#382|13|5|1000|alpino_lc|270
T#383|12|3|730|alpino_lc|203
T#384|13|1|610|alpino_lc|415
T#385|5|6|160|alpino_lc|49
T#386|4|2|40|alpino_lc|19
T#387|4|6|70|alpino_lc|31
T#388|9|2|660|alpino_lc|362
T#389|14|20|1260|alpino_lc|707
T#390|13|50|5200|alpino_lc|1889
T#391|6|2|110|alpino_lc|54
T#392|7|10|210|alpino_lc|217
T#393|12|72|840|alpino_lc|482
T#394|14|266|8440|alpino_lc|1040
T#395|7|20|160|alpino_lc|81
T#396|8|22|1630|alpino_lc|372
T#397|7|4|600|alpino_lc|192
T#398|13|22|2990|alpino_lc|1039
T#399|7|7|200|alpino_lc|140
T#400|10|27|760|alpino_lc|526
T#401|17|15527|88190|alpino_lc|22292
T#402|9|3|420|alpino_lc|148
T#403|6|2|100|alpino_lc|45
T#404|6|2|80|alpino_lc|22
T#405|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#406|5|5|80|alpino_lc|16
T#407|8|14|780|alpino_lc|272
T#408|3|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#409|4|2|70|alpino_lc|22
T#410|4|4|180|alpino_lc|32
T#411|9|2|510|alpino_lc|136
T#412|5|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#413|4|2|240|alpino_lc|129
T#414|7|2|250|alpino_lc|108
T#415|6|3|1170|alpino_lc|198
T#416|7|3|270|alpino_lc|56
T#417|4|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#418|10|5|2310|alpino_lc|694
T#419|6|3|430|alpino_lc|141
T#420|6|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#421|10|30|1130|alpino_lc|403
T#422|9|2|230|alpino_lc|61
T#423|13|92|2930|alpino_lc|3536
T#424|8|42|820|alpino_lc|357
T#425|13|239|6510|alpino_lc|963
T#426|13|2|240|alpino_lc|159
T#427|11|10|420|alpino_lc|326
T#428|8|10|640|alpino_lc|120
T#429|15|35|1560|alpino_lc|366
T#430|9|1|350|alpino_lc|122
T#431|13|26|3230|alpino_lc|433
T#432|12|29|520|alpino_lc|148
T#433|6|9|330|alpino_lc|107
T#434|18|50|7890|alpino_lc|3241
T#435|6|2|60|alpino_lc|15
T#436|6|2|120|alpino_lc|33
T#437|14|8|5770|alpino_lc|1303
T#438|13|16|7100|alpino_lc|953
T#439|11|1|750|alpino_lc|663
T#440|11|1|910|alpino_lc|946
T#441|9|8|460|alpino_lc|456
T#442|10|3|1090|alpino_lc|583
T#443|8|4|360|alpino_lc|172
T#444|8|4|840|alpino_lc|252
T#445|12|2|2960|alpino_lc|803
T#446|15|52|5140|alpino_lc|2368
T#447|12|12|720|alpino_lc|417
T#448|14|1950|13410|alpino_lc|4871
T#449|11|39|750|alpino_lc|401
T#450|7|38|2200|alpino_lc|307
T#451|8|63|27370|alpino_lc|865
T#452|13|20|2440|alpino_lc|1075
T#453|13|13|940|alpino_lc|556
T#454|9|31|830|alpino_lc|372
T#455|8|35|700|alpino_lc|304
T#456|6|5|380|alpino_lc|104
T#457|8|61|1730|alpino_lc|693
T#458|9|3|750|alpino_lc|194
T#459|13|9|4550|alpino_lc|651
T#460|13|27|7270|alpino_lc|1131
T#461|8|8|200|alpino_lc|76
T#462|5|2|70|alpino_lc|20
T#463|8|8|340|alpino_lc|237
T#464|9|6|350|alpino_lc|176
T#465|14|4116|10580|alpino_lc|1272
T#466|8|17|1070|alpino_lc|341
T#467|6|10|240|alpino_lc|169
T#468|4|2|60|alpino_lc|14
T#469|8|15|600|alpino_lc|260
T#470|10|20|1130|alpino_lc|897
T#471|16|45|1480|alpino_lc|681
T#472|9|7|980|alpino_lc|288
T#473|8|6|710|alpino_lc|107
T#474|9|14|930|alpino_lc|337
T#475|15|76|700|alpino_lc|210
T#476|15|420|3650|alpino_lc|685
T#477|7|16|170|alpino_lc|40
T#478|8|42|220|alpino_lc|55
T#479|7|28|220|alpino_lc|86
T#480|8|66|290|alpino_lc|96
T#481|6|7|450|alpino_lc|126
T#482|9|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#483|9|1|160|alpino_lc|116
T#484|21|1752|16890|alpino_lc|7369
T#485|9|8|150|alpino_lc|82
T#486|11|22|2950|alpino_lc|1121
T#487|9|12|14370|alpino_lc|1026
T#488|13|16|1060|alpino_lc|814
T#489|4|2|70|alpino_lc|19
T#490|5|1|170|alpino_lc|71
T#491|6|17|450|alpino_lc|204
T#492|10|18|310|alpino_lc|147
T#493|12|15|690|alpino_lc|233
T#494|8|1|270|alpino_lc|177
T#495|10|178|1400|alpino_lc|435
T#496|9|2|470|alpino_lc|141
T#497|8|4|1260|alpino_lc|177
T#498|8|36|2070|alpino_lc|1010
T#499|9|52|2200|alpino_lc|1080
T#500|7|3|1050|alpino_lc|1435
T#501|5|3|280|alpino_lc|142
T#502|10|6|290|alpino_lc|67
T#503|9|1|130|alpino_lc|118
T#504|15|72|2350|alpino_lc|1498
T#505|13|69|2850|alpino_lc|973
T#506|12|43|720|alpino_lc|418
T#507|13|511|3570|alpino_lc|1584
T#508|11|764|4480|alpino_lc|1458
T#509|6|2|30|alpino_lc|12
T#510|11|264|4130|alpino_lc|1081
T#511|12|65|1340|alpino_lc|653
T#512|9|15|510|alpino_lc|154
T#513|12|80|2120|alpino_lc|597
T#514|6|5|130|alpino_lc|54
T#515|11|66|3560|alpino_lc|1687
T#516|18|352|3180|alpino_lc|647
T#517|8|20|140|alpino_lc|68
T#518|11|31|910|alpino_lc|487
T#519|14|21|122790|alpino_lc|12696
T#520|20|1009|18380|alpino_lc|5969
T#521|10|2|330|alpino_lc|143
T#522|6|65|540|alpino_lc|105
T#523|9|24|320|alpino_lc|106
T#524|6|2|60|alpino_lc|26
T#525|8|31|340|alpino_lc|165
T#526|9|8|120|alpino_lc|49
T#527|7|2|250|alpino_lc|124
T#528|11|18|650|alpino_lc|288
T#529|7|3|250|alpino_lc|161
T#530|9|3|520|alpino_lc|290
T#531|14|32|1020|alpino_lc|198
T#532|13|18|1560|alpino_lc|550
T#534|10|18|330|alpino_lc|180
T#535|7|1|250|alpino_lc|121
T#536|7|1|260|alpino_lc|121
T#537|8|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#538|8|1|340|alpino_lc|141
T#539|6|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#540|6|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#541|7|1|240|alpino_lc|103
T#542|7|1|270|alpino_lc|103
T#543|9|7|830|alpino_lc|217
T#544|18|162|3330|alpino_lc|2390
T#545|11|12|420|alpino_lc|271
T#546|12|8|950|alpino_lc|284
T#547|7|2|240|alpino_lc|91
T#548|7|18|2940|alpino_lc|1943
T#549|10|4|240|alpino_lc|111
T#550|8|3|460|alpino_lc|212
T#551|12|4|530|alpino_lc|186
T#552|10|14|490|alpino_lc|214
T#553|4|2|80|alpino_lc|15
T#554|11|6|1120|alpino_lc|655
T#555|14|58|11360|alpino_lc|652
T#556|15|10|1170|alpino_lc|529
T#557|11|99|1240|alpino_lc|797
T#558|15|3322|26040|alpino_lc|3293
T#559|10|130|1810|alpino_lc|1012
T#560|13|22|3190|alpino_lc|2622
T#561|17|36|3410|alpino_lc|1407
T#562|17|578|6090|alpino_lc|1728
T#563|17|204|11260|alpino_lc|6081
T#564|7|24|910|alpino_lc|306
T#565|5|3|130|alpino_lc|61
T#566|6|5|310|alpino_lc|171
T#567|8|5|570|alpino_lc|296
T#568|9|18|7410|alpino_lc|1480
T#569|11|2|1230|alpino_lc|601
T#570|5|2|60|alpino_lc|16
T#571|7|6|220|alpino_lc|40
T#572|6|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#573|6|4|110|alpino_lc|46
T#574|4|3|40|alpino_lc|9
T#575|4|54|270|alpino_lc|103
T#576|11|1|1010|alpino_lc|601
T#577|16|311|3780|alpino_lc|2645
T#578|15|42|5120|alpino_lc|2142
T#579|11|40|1300|alpino_lc|401
T#580|17|12|550|alpino_lc|142
T#581|7|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#583|7|17|400|alpino_lc|213
T#584|8|6|370|alpino_lc|125
T#585|9|1|320|alpino_lc|115
T#586|5|5|220|alpino_lc|74
T#587|11|2|1970|alpino_lc|610
T#588|7|2|60|alpino_lc|46
T#589|7|2|220|alpino_lc|72
T#590|7|11|1040|alpino_lc|160
T#591|10|25|3130|alpino_lc|698
T#592|10|39|3560|alpino_lc|246
T#593|12|39|14940|alpino_lc|1206
T#594|23|27235|362290|alpino_lc|25002
T#595|10|216|65530|alpino_lc|4395
T#596|7|28|370|alpino_lc|147
T#597|11|83|2510|alpino_lc|1058
T#598|10|118|3140|alpino_lc|1377
T#599|21|19919|216720|alpino_lc|58847
T#600|14|504|3410|alpino_lc|1357
T#601|8|18|270|alpino_lc|142
T#602|7|1|80|alpino_lc|69
T#603|10|32|2040|alpino_lc|1118
T#604|8|24|1100|alpino_lc|317
T#605|13|140|3760|alpino_lc|560
T#606|5|5|150|alpino_lc|57
T#607|14|180|1160|alpino_lc|761
T#608|17|2752|478840|alpino_lc|54260
T#609|14|129|2060|alpino_lc|1226
T#610|17|1212|6640|alpino_lc|2109
T#611|17|160|1960|alpino_lc|1398
T#612|18|4679|99490|alpino_lc|3978
T#613|20|1488|290820|alpino_lc|17996
T#614|13|34|4230|alpino_lc|1385
T#615|11|204|9510|alpino_lc|1179
T#616|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#617|7|4|150|alpino_lc|57
T#618|9|9|620|alpino_lc|166
T#619|10|32|1240|alpino_lc|495
T#620|8|2|160|alpino_lc|27
T#621|7|2|130|alpino_lc|27
T#622|11|7|570|alpino_lc|169
T#623|10|7|550|alpino_lc|167
T#624|9|7|300|alpino_lc|167
T#625|10|7|310|alpino_lc|169
T#626|6|3|220|alpino_lc|67
T#627|6|6|200|alpino_lc|64
T#628|6|40|1290|alpino_lc|272
T#629|6|70|1450|alpino_lc|265
T#630|6|14|1210|alpino_lc|231
T#631|14|1240|19600|alpino_lc|1801
T#632|9|24|1000|alpino_lc|474
T#633|7|9|1580|alpino_lc|583
T#634|7|9|1820|alpino_lc|605
T#635|6|6|180|alpino_lc|120
T#636|8|94|2000|alpino_lc|1444
T#637|7|36|2950|alpino_lc|1363
T#638|15|110|2810|alpino_lc|1128
T#639|8|4|680|alpino_lc|289
T#640|7|26|670|alpino_lc|275
T#641|9|55|1120|alpino_lc|809
T#642|8|147|1330|alpino_lc|697
T#643|9|9|580|alpino_lc|318
T#644|8|28|600|alpino_lc|286
T#645|7|36|900|alpino_lc|463
T#646|8|18|520|alpino_lc|356
T#647|8|52|1000|alpino_lc|471
T#648|9|11|530|alpino_lc|341
T#649|11|204|1660|alpino_lc|726
T#650|12|361|3120|alpino_lc|1146
T#651|12|582|3970|alpino_lc|1959
T#652|16|420|45110|alpino_lc|10028
T#653|9|74|3770|alpino_lc|954
T#654|11|16|2370|alpino_lc|425
T#655|8|10|650|alpino_lc|194
T#656|17|700|4970|alpino_lc|2558
T#657|11|176|9790|alpino_lc|650
T#658|13|771|62350|alpino_lc|3654
T#659|6|2|60|alpino_lc|16
T#660|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#661|8|5|110|alpino_lc|60
T#662|7|8|160|alpino_lc|31
T#663|5|22|200|alpino_lc|73
T#664|8|54|260|alpino_lc|87
T#665|8|3|370|alpino_lc|205
T#666|8|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#667|15|150|4540|alpino_lc|1041
T#668|10|4|200|alpino_lc|75
T#669|7|5|180|alpino_lc|51
T#670|7|2|490|alpino_lc|135
T#671|9|2|1480|alpino_lc|165
T#672|23|189|14150|alpino_lc|3788
T#673|11|56|2600|alpino_lc|1053
T#674|16|420|4530|alpino_lc|2478
T#675|9|10|620|alpino_lc|275
T#676|6|2|80|alpino_lc|28
T#677|5|22|230|alpino_lc|69
T#678|4|13|120|alpino_lc|38
T#679|2|2|20|alpino_lc|3
T#680|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#681|7|8|800|alpino_lc|333
T#682|7|8|880|alpino_lc|366
T#683|7|6|890|alpino_lc|353
T#684|19|30|2660|alpino_lc|533
T#685|5|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#686|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#687|8|4|230|alpino_lc|57
T#688|17|28|6000|alpino_lc|2109
T#689|3|1|10|alpino_lc|7
T#690|3|2|20|alpino_lc|12
T#691|9|1|360|alpino_lc|208
T#692|13|6|540|alpino_lc|178
T#693|4|6|70|alpino_lc|32
T#694|9|215|1920|alpino_lc|1010
T#695|7|16|730|alpino_lc|297
T#696|9|46|440|alpino_lc|164
T#697|11|8|630|alpino_lc|330
T#698|7|22|330|alpino_lc|105
T#699|7|18|260|alpino_lc|79
T#700|7|48|790|alpino_lc|176
T#701|8|27|1030|alpino_lc|162
T#702|9|3|200|alpino_lc|123
T#703|12|36|2410|alpino_lc|820
T#704|14|68|5730|alpino_lc|447
T#705|15|12|2110|alpino_lc|710
T#706|9|12|430|alpino_lc|214
T#707|11|5|450|alpino_lc|144
T#708|12|26|1650|alpino_lc|579
T#709|12|32|1030|alpino_lc|363
T#710|17|362|8780|alpino_lc|2841
T#711|19|1704|196180|alpino_lc|13811
T#712|20|166|48980|alpino_lc|12901
T#713|16|501|4880|alpino_lc|3115
T#714|16|105|2520|alpino_lc|1858
T#715|18|481|17790|alpino_lc|5297
T#716|10|22|560|alpino_lc|218
T#717|12|845|11560|alpino_lc|3356
T#718|17|244|3340|alpino_lc|525
T#719|10|12|1000|alpino_lc|256
T#720|8|2|130|alpino_lc|47
T#721|10|14|730|alpino_lc|421
T#722|14|48|1440|alpino_lc|288
T#723|9|2|460|alpino_lc|116
T#724|10|4|170|alpino_lc|41
T#725|8|13|340|alpino_lc|168
T#726|9|3|270|alpino_lc|68
T#727|9|1|220|alpino_lc|51
T#728|9|1|260|alpino_lc|40
T#729|11|6|10530|alpino_lc|2288
T#730|9|2|6160|alpino_lc|682
T#731|12|1224|18210|alpino_lc|3140
T#732|12|30|1940|alpino_lc|1326
T#733|15|28|2520|alpino_lc|572
T#734|8|6|110|alpino_lc|44
T#735|11|57|2280|alpino_lc|1192
T#736|11|30|510|alpino_lc|97
T#737|5|5|420|alpino_lc|150
T#738|9|14|1390|alpino_lc|331
T#739|15|204|8200|alpino_lc|3152
T#740|17|285|194620|alpino_lc|14387
T#741|21|464|12810|alpino_lc|3596
T#742|20|108|9420|alpino_lc|5478
T#743|5|8|150|alpino_lc|61
T#744|5|2|100|alpino_lc|43
T#745|12|68|1290|alpino_lc|605
T#746|12|12|940|alpino_lc|511
T#747|6|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#748|13|6037|133130|alpino_lc|12390
T#749|12|8|1200|alpino_lc|468
T#750|13|8|3300|alpino_lc|369
T#751|12|7|1470|alpino_lc|493
T#752|12|7|1480|alpino_lc|493
T#753|11|7|1480|alpino_lc|493
T#754|11|7|1540|alpino_lc|493
T#755|8|4|180|alpino_lc|64
T#756|7|8|130|alpino_lc|52
T#757|6|10|780|alpino_lc|303
T#758|7|5|280|alpino_lc|233
T#759|7|78|2320|alpino_lc|914
T#760|10|1017|6010|alpino_lc|2807
T#761|6|64|5850|alpino_lc|1127
T#762|9|1188|36630|alpino_lc|4447
