cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 16810 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 14860 msec
cputime total 10320 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 39400 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 53760 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 71660 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 12280 msec
cputime total 17550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 19340 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 29250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 18530 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 9930 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 9610 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 32890 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 39840 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 18770 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 26490 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 22870 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 13240 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 13280 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 18610 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10310 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 7000 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 11990 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 292490 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 12630 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 8540 msec
cputime total 15230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 11890 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 6150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 11240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 9890 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 9760 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 21070 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 26520 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 11800 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 12720 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 175150 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 10400 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 10010 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7080 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 9010 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 13600 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 15700 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 12620 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 12670 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 44910 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 45310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 12270 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 17470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 17510 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 51430 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10270 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 35770 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 8940 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 45040 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 11590 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 8910 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 19520 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 11190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 17310 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 9570 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 10130 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 19190 msec
cputime total 14120 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 199750 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 12940 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 17410 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 11780 msec
cputime total 10590 msec
cputime total 111930 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 9060 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 14810 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 22090 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10000 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 13510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 8080 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 9930 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 15730 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 27590 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 117030 msec
cputime total 18560 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 10530 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 13690 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 18210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 9250 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 63300 msec
cputime total 86940 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 11450 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 8390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 7500 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 11990 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 22250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 34790 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8830 msec
cputime total 39180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7880 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 16020 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 31870 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 12260 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 8520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 54830 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 17160 msec
cputime total 18860 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 11940 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 8720 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 11370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 23750 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 10720 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 9800 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10510 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 17810 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 18970 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 16900 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 12800 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 80910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 52290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 18050 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 58460 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 38270 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 9970 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 20640 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 185560 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 13470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60200 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 13560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20370 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 12690 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 8300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 61490 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 12540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 14670 msec
cputime total 42370 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 19480 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 11800 msec
cputime total 16290 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 13030 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 95860 msec
cputime total 13050 msec
cputime total 22340 msec
cputime total 13640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 23260 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 10350 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 21970 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 65920 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 17680 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 8730 msec
cputime total 14180 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 17150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 19960 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 35530 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 37730 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 8360 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 17990 msec
cputime total 25630 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30830 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10670 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 61660 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 14860 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 8450 msec
cputime total 18300 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 7730 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 8720 msec
cputime total 26770 msec
cputime total 21110 msec
cputime total 13780 msec
cputime total 29250 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 9810 msec
cputime total 21240 msec
cputime total 21080 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 29000 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 14980 msec
cputime total 39920 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 27810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 23620 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9520 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 7830 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 8600 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 18490 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 27670 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 10420 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 14420 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 13280 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 10060 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 7030 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 15310 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 31360 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 19410 msec
cputime total 26040 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 21990 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10490 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 20410 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 30290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 25990 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 16910 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 19270 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 8790 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 12510 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 70680 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 29020 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 9260 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 37760 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 8530 msec
cputime total 65950 msec
cputime total 10880 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 17220 msec
cputime total 10020 msec
cputime total 26250 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 43690 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7730 msec
cputime total 11530 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 43080 msec
cputime total 7590 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 14710 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 20000 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 10710 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 11710 msec
cputime total 47880 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 29350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 11860 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 23120 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 12680 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 16510 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 6030 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 5470 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 33460 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 8250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 22800 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 78340 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 34220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 9460 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 19190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 9680 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 21060 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 8970 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7820 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 21310 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 8300 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 24380 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 8530 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 27100 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 12670 msec
cputime total 62280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 12360 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 8770 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 6280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 10860 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 36000 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 16650 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 6880 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 17600 msec
cputime total 21450 msec
cputime total 6730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 17790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 18000 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 45810 msec
cputime total 8750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 12790 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 7010 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 15520 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 11050 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 16760 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10060 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 19360 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 62000 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 12290 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 22730 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 13220 msec
cputime total 16670 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10030 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6940 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 16660 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 8650 msec
cputime total 27650 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 42460 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 9510 msec
cputime total 12850 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 92990 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 11730 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 45800 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 18200 msec
cputime total 25650 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 33940 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 8650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 29730 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 8960 msec
cputime total 14520 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 37060 msec
cputime total 13520 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 25310 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 67410 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 13170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 12780 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 19820 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 24710 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 7290 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 13350 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 16160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 79090 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 22170 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 14820 msec
cputime total 11390 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 66780 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 10060 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 9050 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 8910 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 44630 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7060 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 11790 msec
cputime total 4540 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 12990 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 21960 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 42180 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 35900 msec
cputime total 18250 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 16900 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 57950 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 5390 msec
cputime total 12600 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 13390 msec
cputime total 11680 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 10590 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 7610 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 18060 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 10730 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 21080 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9540 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 52250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 13120 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10140 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 13860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 10450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 13350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 10510 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 12380 msec
cputime total 8430 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 14370 msec
cputime total 32820 msec
cputime total 21840 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 44430 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 53550 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 12660 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 15350 msec
cputime total 9200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 16570 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 31610 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 12850 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 20210 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9130 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 17910 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 33930 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 10560 msec
cputime total 23610 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 24790 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 14860 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 27670 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 12810 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 8520 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 61820 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 17720 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 58980 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 16030 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 49690 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 17380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 20460 msec
cputime total 9370 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 22310 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 37270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 67950 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 25300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 72300 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 29500 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 17460 msec
cputime total 13910 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 17150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 27020 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 11910 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 8430 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 50220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 22650 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 10670 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10080 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 14470 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 38410 msec
cputime total 34730 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 22800 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 34490 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 18990 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 10110 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 11620 msec
cputime total 63240 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 28430 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 11160 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 12660 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 15710 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 15630 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 25120 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 15210 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7720 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 7420 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 25460 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 13100 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 14030 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 103200 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 23220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 28140 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 22970 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 29810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 13440 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 15390 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 251030 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 7800 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 12360 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 34410 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7400 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 46170 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 8360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 7390 msec
cputime total 9940 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 26650 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 10130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 15820 msec
cputime total 114400 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 339950 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 8750 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 31110 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 12290 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7820 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 26940 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 57820 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 14830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9370 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 13310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 12960 msec
cputime total 21860 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 22550 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 10630 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 14990 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 13740 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 56160 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 9880 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 25890 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 8250 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 5390 msec
cputime total 7440 msec
cputime total 32750 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 12430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 22440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 8660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 21000 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 15010 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 29180 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 15190 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10150 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 30970 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 24550 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 12720 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 12140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 22000 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 11180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 6390 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 25310 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 10580 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 7560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 42850 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 51330 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 11290 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 29450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 10400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 16560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 8920 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 28770 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 19850 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 21980 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 15510 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 11430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 13860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 19290 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 16740 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 7880 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 26470 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 13340 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 7780 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 14930 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 13770 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100360 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10840 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 27110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 16910 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 8880 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 14840 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 18100 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40880 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 16890 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 33370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 6550 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 40820 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 13960 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 437740 msec
cputime total 49680 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 8960 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 168130 msec
cputime total 54010 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 28840 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 16190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 19870 msec
cputime total 11160 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 20940 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 34830 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 37700 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 28110 msec
cputime total 190460 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 9730 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 12980 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 37710 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 9560 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 34560 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 33910 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 14190 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 14250 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 28400 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 26580 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 10260 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 16410 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 47420 msec
cputime total 5480 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 8630 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 16830 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 17730 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 11730 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 27050 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 21300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 14550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 12060 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 96330 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 8390 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 5770 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 15150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 6360 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 12650 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 107700 msec
cputime total 920 msec
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.0|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.1|23|1|460|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.3|14|1|670|alpino_lc|424
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000001.p.1.s.5|9|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.0|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.1|23|1|570|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.2|24|1|500|alpino_lc|256
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.4|16|1|240|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.5|16|1|520|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.6|33|1|860|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.7|9|1|180|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.8|12|1|150|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000002.p.1.s.9|10|1|110|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.1|27|1|1990|alpino_lc|755
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.2|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.4|17|1|410|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.5|15|1|580|alpino_lc|604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.6|17|1|1070|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000003.p.1.s.7|23|1|210|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.1|17|1|1530|alpino_lc|635
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.2|12|1|270|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.3|27|1|1150|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.4|15|1|3400|alpino_lc|1904
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.5|18|1|570|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.6|26|1|1450|alpino_lc|2047
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.7|12|1|970|alpino_lc|734
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000004.p.1.s.8|18|1|710|alpino_lc|377
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.2|21|1|5320|alpino_lc|3560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.3|18|1|1900|alpino_lc|1593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.4|14|1|490|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.5|13|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.6|22|1|270|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.1.s.7|14|1|640|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.2.s.1|35|1|16810|alpino_lc|5192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000005.p.2.s.2|12|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.1|13|1|150|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.2|13|1|390|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.3|24|1|880|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.4|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|511
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.5|14|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.6|8|1|170|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000006.p.1.s.7|18|1|9090|alpino_lc|4114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.1|17|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.2|17|1|540|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.3|20|1|1640|alpino_lc|3352
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.4|26|1|14860|alpino_lc|10083
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.5|34|1|10320|alpino_lc|2497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000007.p.1.s.6|10|1|340|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.3|16|1|510|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.4|12|1|940|alpino_lc|979
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.5|17|1|600|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.6|16|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.7|8|1|150|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.8|23|1|950|alpino_lc|575
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.9|17|1|1230|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.1.s.10|23|1|750|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000008.p.2.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.1.s.1|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.1.s.2|27|1|1870|alpino_lc|885
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.1.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.1.s.4|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.1.s.5|40|1|39400|alpino_lc|5000
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.2.s.1|31|1|3300|alpino_lc|1157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.2.s.2|9|1|260|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.2.s.3|34|1|53760|alpino_lc|35961
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.2.s.4|22|1|780|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.2.s.5|23|1|1050|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.2|25|1|71660|alpino_lc|61149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.3|23|1|3770|alpino_lc|1085
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.4|16|1|990|alpino_lc|715
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.5|18|1|600|alpino_lc|568
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.3.s.6|29|1|1660|alpino_lc|831
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.4.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.4.s.2|35|1|12280|alpino_lc|6575
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.4.s.3|40|1|17550|alpino_lc|6708
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.5.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.5.s.2|41|1|19340|alpino_lc|15313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.5.s.3|35|1|12460|alpino_lc|9311
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.5.s.4|7|1|430|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.6.s.1|27|1|6460|alpino_lc|4835
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.6.s.2|24|1|1420|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000009.p.6.s.3|32|1|5620|alpino_lc|3236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.1.s.1|16|1|520|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.1.s.2|25|1|2000|alpino_lc|1900
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.1.s.3|13|1|1330|alpino_lc|963
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.1.s.4|9|1|1070|alpino_lc|992
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.2.s.1|45|1|29250|alpino_lc|19666
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.2.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.3.s.1|11|1|2350|alpino_lc|1558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.3.s.2|25|1|1060|alpino_lc|1505
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.3.s.3|19|1|3000|alpino_lc|1881
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.4.s.1|34|1|18530|alpino_lc|9791
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.4.s.2|18|1|2510|alpino_lc|4004
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000010.p.4.s.3|14|1|260|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.1.s.1|23|1|1670|alpino_lc|828
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.1.s.2|14|1|560|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.2.s.1|15|1|1150|alpino_lc|601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.2.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.2.s.3|17|1|780|alpino_lc|464
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.2.s.4|16|1|290|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.3.s.1|17|1|1180|alpino_lc|1006
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.3.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.3.s.3|35|1|2710|alpino_lc|1984
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.4.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.4.s.2|22|1|700|alpino_lc|443
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.4.s.3|17|1|250|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000011.p.4.s.4|18|1|840|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.1.s.1|30|1|9930|alpino_lc|6234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.1.s.2|23|1|900|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.1.s.3|19|1|6430|alpino_lc|1562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.2.s.1|15|1|640|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.2.s.2|11|1|170|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.2.s.3|8|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.3.s.1|16|1|430|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.3.s.2|24|1|9610|alpino_lc|4322
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.3.s.3|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|461
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.4.s.1|26|1|32890|alpino_lc|10686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.4.s.2|12|1|420|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.4.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.4.s.4|16|1|2670|alpino_lc|1737
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.5.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000012.p.5.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.1.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.1.s.2|44|1|7630|alpino_lc|994
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.1.s.3|21|1|1170|alpino_lc|450
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.2.s.1|18|1|1390|alpino_lc|640
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.2.s.2|41|1|39840|alpino_lc|11735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.3.s.1|24|1|2870|alpino_lc|2106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.3.s.2|21|1|1070|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.3.s.3|23|1|1200|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.3.s.4|9|1|480|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000013.p.4.s.1|13|1|650|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.1.s.1|17|1|990|alpino_lc|1142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.1.s.2|35|1|9390|alpino_lc|756
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.2.s.1|39|1|18770|alpino_lc|9564
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.2.s.2|25|1|640|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.2.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.2.s.4|51|1|26490|alpino_lc|5239
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.3.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.3.s.2|10|1|540|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.3.s.3|27|1|2260|alpino_lc|618
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000014.p.3.s.4|25|1|1460|alpino_lc|805
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.1.s.1|19|1|280|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.1.s.2|21|1|580|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.1.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.1.s.4|22|1|760|alpino_lc|574
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.1.s.5|14|1|1890|alpino_lc|1463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.2.s.1|33|1|22870|alpino_lc|11848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.2.s.2|11|1|960|alpino_lc|700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.2.s.3|28|1|620|alpino_lc|438
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.2.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.3.s.2|35|1|1070|alpino_lc|509
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.3.s.3|27|1|3080|alpino_lc|4973
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000015.p.3.s.4|13|1|1250|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.1.s.1|19|1|290|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.1.s.2|23|1|1180|alpino_lc|697
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.1.s.3|23|1|990|alpino_lc|563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.1.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.1.s.5|18|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.2.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000016.p.2.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000017.p.1.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000017.p.1.s.2|12|1|320|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000017.p.1.s.3|27|1|13240|alpino_lc|8785
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000017.p.2.s.1|9|1|400|alpino_lc|356
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000017.p.2.s.2|22|1|2120|alpino_lc|991
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.1.s.1|23|1|430|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.1.s.2|26|1|1070|alpino_lc|635
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.1.s.3|13|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.1.s.4|16|1|320|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.2.s.1|11|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.3.s.1|21|1|580|alpino_lc|356
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000018.p.3.s.2|9|1|460|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.1.s.1|18|1|730|alpino_lc|757
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.2.s.1|8|1|430|alpino_lc|383
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.2.s.2|11|1|550|alpino_lc|478
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.2.s.3|13|1|790|alpino_lc|693
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.3.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.3.s.2|19|1|2930|alpino_lc|2698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000019.p.4.s.1|19|1|380|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000020.p.1.s.1|18|1|230|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000020.p.1.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000020.p.1.s.3|22|1|4110|alpino_lc|1524
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000020.p.1.s.4|13|1|1240|alpino_lc|888
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000020.p.2.s.1|17|1|1610|alpino_lc|1140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.1.s.1|24|1|710|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.1.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.2.s.1|12|1|370|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.2.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.2.s.3|21|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.2.s.4|20|1|3150|alpino_lc|2677
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.3.s.1|25|1|1360|alpino_lc|922
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000021.p.3.s.2|10|1|680|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.1.s.1|19|1|340|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.1.s.2|23|1|1130|alpino_lc|697
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.1.s.3|23|1|980|alpino_lc|563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.1.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.1.s.5|18|1|150|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.2.s.1|18|1|300|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000022.p.2.s.2|12|1|370|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.1.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.1.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.1.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.2.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.2.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.3.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.3.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.3.s.3|6|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000023.p.3.s.4|6|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.1.s.1|13|1|810|alpino_lc|889
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.1.s.2|17|1|250|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.2.s.1|18|1|2120|alpino_lc|1281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.2.s.2|14|1|450|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.2.s.3|16|1|880|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.3.s.1|29|1|3210|alpino_lc|1423
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.3.s.2|18|1|560|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000024.p.4.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.1.s.1|15|1|900|alpino_lc|903
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.1.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.1.s.3|13|1|900|alpino_lc|925
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.2.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.2.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.2.s.3|26|1|730|alpino_lc|583
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.2.s.4|23|1|2550|alpino_lc|1021
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.3.s.1|21|1|560|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.3.s.2|20|1|5140|alpino_lc|2851
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.3.s.3|20|1|1820|alpino_lc|1683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.3.s.4|14|1|150|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.3.s.5|9|1|270|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.4.s.1|9|1|1050|alpino_lc|696
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.4.s.2|19|1|650|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.4.s.3|22|1|2730|alpino_lc|1930
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.5.s.1|23|1|1420|alpino_lc|547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.5.s.2|24|1|8370|alpino_lc|2354
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.5.s.3|50|1|13280|alpino_lc|3597
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.6.s.1|30|1|1090|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.6.s.2|11|1|860|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.6.s.3|22|1|610|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.6.s.4|11|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.6.s.5|14|1|780|alpino_lc|978
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.7.s.1|27|1|800|alpino_lc|310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.7.s.2|22|1|2610|alpino_lc|4030
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.7.s.3|15|1|1290|alpino_lc|1047
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.7.s.4|17|1|2580|alpino_lc|1304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.7.s.5|23|1|7570|alpino_lc|8313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.8.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.8.s.2|24|1|940|alpino_lc|419
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.8.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.8.s.4|24|1|1840|alpino_lc|1301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.8.s.5|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.9.s.1|26|1|1180|alpino_lc|354
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.9.s.2|24|1|980|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.9.s.3|24|1|810|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.10.s.1|29|1|1700|alpino_lc|1704
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.10.s.2|21|1|450|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.1|27|1|3320|alpino_lc|3736
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.2|19|1|2240|alpino_lc|992
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.4|23|1|2300|alpino_lc|2186
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.5|18|1|700|alpino_lc|356
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.11.s.6|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.12.s.1|16|1|530|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.12.s.2|27|1|7620|alpino_lc|2124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.12.s.3|24|1|1670|alpino_lc|1311
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.13.s.1|19|1|850|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.13.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.13.s.3|8|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.13.s.4|24|1|820|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.14.s.1|19|1|2500|alpino_lc|1748
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.14.s.2|11|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.14.s.3|14|1|530|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.14.s.4|37|1|18610|alpino_lc|8534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.15.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.15.s.2|29|1|10310|alpino_lc|3249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.15.s.3|24|1|4510|alpino_lc|1326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.15.s.4|19|1|3280|alpino_lc|2199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.15.s.5|21|1|1740|alpino_lc|1557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.16.s.1|27|1|1180|alpino_lc|604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.16.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|189
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.16.s.3|11|1|340|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.16.s.4|21|1|590|alpino_lc|868
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.16.s.5|25|1|2700|alpino_lc|1971
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.17.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.17.s.2|14|1|480|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.17.s.3|9|1|240|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.17.s.4|20|1|570|alpino_lc|805
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.18.s.1|16|1|1370|alpino_lc|1462
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.18.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.18.s.3|24|1|4880|alpino_lc|3389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.19.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.19.s.2|13|1|640|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.19.s.3|26|1|6420|alpino_lc|2156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000025.p.19.s.4|14|1|720|alpino_lc|939
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.1.s.1|20|1|290|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.1.s.2|22|1|1930|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.2.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.2.s.2|20|1|5030|alpino_lc|4374
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.2.s.3|19|1|430|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.2.s.4|12|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.2.s.5|20|1|380|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000026.p.3.s.1|13|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.1.s.1|22|1|7000|alpino_lc|1687
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.1.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.1.s.3|17|1|2070|alpino_lc|2148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.1.s.4|8|1|90|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.2.s.1|10|1|410|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.2.s.2|10|1|380|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.3.s.1|11|1|400|alpino_lc|392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000027.p.3.s.2|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|1914
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.1.s.1|16|1|720|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.1.s.2|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|1031
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.1.s.3|23|1|1320|alpino_lc|601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.2.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.2.s.2|16|1|2460|alpino_lc|1472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000028.p.2.s.3|10|1|830|alpino_lc|971
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.1.s.1|21|1|390|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.2.s.1|18|1|530|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.2.s.2|20|1|950|alpino_lc|515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.2.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.3.s.1|27|1|11990|alpino_lc|8927
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.3.s.2|17|1|370|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000029.p.4.s.1|22|1|1880|alpino_lc|926
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000030.p.1.s.1|19|1|1340|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000030.p.1.s.2|24|1|5230|alpino_lc|3474
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000030.p.2.s.1|26|1|590|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000030.p.2.s.2|13|1|470|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.1.s.1|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.1.s.2|15|1|570|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.1.s.3|21|1|1520|alpino_lc|1292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.1.s.4|43|1|292490|alpino_lc|135178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.2.s.1|25|1|1960|alpino_lc|951
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000031.p.3.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.1.s.1|29|1|2160|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.1.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.1.s.3|16|1|1230|alpino_lc|1177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.2.s.1|32|1|12630|alpino_lc|3593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.2.s.2|27|1|420|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000032.p.2.s.3|21|1|430|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.1.s.1|22|1|420|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.1.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.2.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.2.s.2|15|1|480|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.2.s.3|13|1|450|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.2.s.4|13|1|290|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.2.s.5|15|1|330|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.3.s.1|29|1|7380|alpino_lc|4589
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.3.s.2|20|1|4230|alpino_lc|3764
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.4.s.1|28|1|8540|alpino_lc|3345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.4.s.2|21|1|15230|alpino_lc|7251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.4.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.5.s.1|21|1|3680|alpino_lc|3449
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.5.s.2|21|1|760|alpino_lc|709
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.5.s.3|28|1|1860|alpino_lc|1054
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.5.s.4|17|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.6.s.1|17|1|470|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.6.s.2|17|1|610|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.6.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.6.s.4|12|1|150|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.6.s.5|17|1|580|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.7.s.1|19|1|620|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.7.s.2|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|853
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.7.s.3|32|1|1790|alpino_lc|1459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.8.s.1|25|1|3700|alpino_lc|3351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.8.s.2|17|1|580|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.8.s.3|48|1|11890|alpino_lc|4045
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.8.s.4|22|1|1570|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.9.s.1|23|1|1120|alpino_lc|737
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.9.s.2|21|1|6150|alpino_lc|4252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.9.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.9.s.4|16|1|200|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.9.s.5|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|726
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.10.s.1|15|1|2630|alpino_lc|2731
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.10.s.2|20|1|520|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.10.s.3|28|1|1480|alpino_lc|942
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.10.s.4|11|1|490|alpino_lc|416
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.2|23|1|800|alpino_lc|417
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.3|22|1|11240|alpino_lc|6157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.4|16|1|570|alpino_lc|645
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.5|34|1|5060|alpino_lc|1786
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.6|7|1|110|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.7|17|1|870|alpino_lc|318
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.11.s.8|19|1|5080|alpino_lc|6642
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.1|19|1|520|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.2|18|1|860|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.12.s.6|9|1|120|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.1|25|1|9890|alpino_lc|2206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.3|16|1|3480|alpino_lc|3269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.4|12|1|200|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.5|19|1|880|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.13.s.6|23|1|2510|alpino_lc|762
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.14.s.1|8|1|310|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.14.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.14.s.3|13|1|560|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.14.s.4|14|1|370|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.14.s.5|30|1|1330|alpino_lc|968
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.15.s.1|31|1|1460|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.15.s.2|21|1|2370|alpino_lc|585
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.15.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.15.s.4|14|1|1130|alpino_lc|1027
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.16.s.1|20|1|570|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.16.s.2|17|1|580|alpino_lc|600
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.16.s.3|30|1|5040|alpino_lc|3563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.16.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.17.s.1|21|1|1460|alpino_lc|1918
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.17.s.2|17|1|310|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.17.s.3|15|1|530|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.18.s.1|13|1|470|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.18.s.2|33|1|3450|alpino_lc|3154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.18.s.3|14|1|420|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.19.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.19.s.2|24|1|1620|alpino_lc|1167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.19.s.3|19|1|460|alpino_lc|411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.19.s.4|9|1|100|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.20.s.1|18|1|250|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.20.s.2|14|1|120|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.20.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.20.s.4|26|1|1550|alpino_lc|1199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.21.s.1|23|1|390|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.21.s.2|16|1|760|alpino_lc|610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.21.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000033.p.21.s.4|21|1|1040|alpino_lc|778
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.1.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.1.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.1.s.3|13|1|1540|alpino_lc|1849
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.1.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.2.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.2.s.2|23|1|540|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.3.s.1|26|1|4140|alpino_lc|2195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.3.s.2|23|1|840|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.3.s.3|12|1|470|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.4.s.1|33|1|9760|alpino_lc|3649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.4.s.2|21|1|1550|alpino_lc|1455
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.5.s.1|28|1|2110|alpino_lc|1456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.5.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000034.p.5.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.1.s.1|40|1|2650|alpino_lc|1537
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.2.s.1|40|1|5610|alpino_lc|3225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.2.s.2|40|1|9320|alpino_lc|4832
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.3.s.1|24|1|920|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.3.s.2|30|1|4770|alpino_lc|3853
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.3.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.4.s.1|33|1|2880|alpino_lc|1535
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.5.s.1|21|1|1300|alpino_lc|659
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.5.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000035.p.5.s.3|16|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.1.s.1|22|1|950|alpino_lc|374
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.1.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.1.s.3|11|1|1650|alpino_lc|2496
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.2.s.1|16|1|630|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.2.s.2|16|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.2.s.3|22|1|390|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.3.s.1|31|1|1240|alpino_lc|653
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.3.s.2|13|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.4.s.1|16|1|410|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.4.s.2|17|1|910|alpino_lc|369
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.4.s.3|11|1|640|alpino_lc|522
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.5.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|455
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.5.s.2|14|1|500|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.5.s.3|13|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000036.p.5.s.4|17|1|620|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.1.s.1|24|1|3420|alpino_lc|1391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.1.s.2|23|1|640|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.1.s.3|15|1|2030|alpino_lc|1393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.1.s.4|23|1|3490|alpino_lc|2536
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.1.s.5|8|1|390|alpino_lc|363
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.2.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.2.s.2|16|1|620|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.2.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.2.s.4|22|1|980|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.2.s.5|10|1|370|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.3.s.1|21|1|2130|alpino_lc|866
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.3.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.3.s.3|18|1|430|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.3.s.4|14|1|370|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000037.p.4.s.1|28|1|2770|alpino_lc|1835
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.1.s.1|24|1|480|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.1.s.2|20|1|2590|alpino_lc|2137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.1.s.3|49|1|21070|alpino_lc|15224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.2.s.1|24|1|3500|alpino_lc|3282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.2.s.2|40|1|2410|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.3.s.1|25|1|26520|alpino_lc|1863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.3.s.2|11|1|690|alpino_lc|585
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.3.s.3|27|1|8140|alpino_lc|10688
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.3.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000038.p.4.s.1|27|1|7260|alpino_lc|3234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.1.s.1|15|1|3360|alpino_lc|1353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.1.s.2|25|1|640|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.1.s.3|22|1|400|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.1.s.4|10|1|350|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.2.s.1|10|1|440|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.2.s.2|28|1|3610|alpino_lc|4332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.2.s.3|26|1|2950|alpino_lc|1285
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.2.s.4|16|1|300|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.3.s.1|17|1|1150|alpino_lc|1062
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.3.s.2|24|1|780|alpino_lc|600
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.3.s.3|34|1|2090|alpino_lc|584
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.3.s.4|9|1|230|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000039.p.3.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.1|11|1|1120|alpino_lc|1332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.2|15|1|610|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.3|27|1|11800|alpino_lc|6238
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.4|14|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.5|11|1|720|alpino_lc|1063
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.1.s.6|13|1|1420|alpino_lc|1840
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.1|30|1|2780|alpino_lc|959
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.2|16|1|270|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.4|6|1|360|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.2.s.6|21|1|1420|alpino_lc|836
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.3.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.3.s.2|26|1|2670|alpino_lc|741
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.3.s.3|21|1|1980|alpino_lc|1512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.3.s.4|17|1|1820|alpino_lc|1240
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.3|11|1|1160|alpino_lc|1775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.4|18|1|390|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.5|28|1|12720|alpino_lc|4467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.4.s.6|33|1|6620|alpino_lc|8742
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.5.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.5.s.2|16|1|300|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.5.s.3|48|1|175150|alpino_lc|10670
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.5.s.4|21|1|1730|alpino_lc|2465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.6.s.1|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.6.s.2|22|1|440|alpino_lc|394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.6.s.3|18|1|250|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.1|20|1|8010|alpino_lc|5448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.2|26|1|1150|alpino_lc|754
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.3|19|1|1450|alpino_lc|2053
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.4|14|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.5|13|1|420|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.7.s.6|13|1|1320|alpino_lc|1699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.8.s.1|8|1|550|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.8.s.2|25|1|960|alpino_lc|896
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.8.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.9.s.1|19|1|840|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.9.s.2|28|1|1750|alpino_lc|836
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.9.s.3|17|1|220|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.10.s.1|8|1|340|alpino_lc|341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.10.s.2|19|1|3920|alpino_lc|2652
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.10.s.3|17|1|480|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.11.s.1|22|1|1420|alpino_lc|929
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.11.s.2|22|1|1130|alpino_lc|994
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.11.s.3|25|1|980|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000040.p.11.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.1.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.1.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.1.s.3|19|1|310|alpino_lc|189
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.1.s.4|17|1|490|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.2.s.1|26|1|10400|alpino_lc|5693
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000041.p.2.s.2|18|1|760|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000042.p.1.s.1|28|1|4490|alpino_lc|2414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000042.p.1.s.2|21|1|440|alpino_lc|286
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000042.p.1.s.3|19|1|840|alpino_lc|774
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000042.p.1.s.4|22|1|660|alpino_lc|498
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000042.p.2.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.1.s.1|18|1|1390|alpino_lc|1152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.1.s.2|20|1|1430|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.2.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.2.s.2|12|1|490|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.2.s.3|11|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.2.s.4|32|1|4130|alpino_lc|745
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000043.p.2.s.5|20|1|630|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000044.p.1.s.1|30|1|4330|alpino_lc|1452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000044.p.1.s.2|33|1|770|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000044.p.2.s.1|29|1|2010|alpino_lc|1377
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000044.p.2.s.2|17|1|380|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.1.s.1|16|1|510|alpino_lc|356
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.1.s.2|30|1|2760|alpino_lc|1932
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.2.s.1|27|1|900|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.2.s.2|15|1|630|alpino_lc|390
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.3.s.1|21|1|1170|alpino_lc|827
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.3.s.2|14|1|670|alpino_lc|352
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.3.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000045.p.3.s.4|20|1|2210|alpino_lc|2656
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.1.s.1|19|1|3970|alpino_lc|2001
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.1.s.2|21|1|240|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.1.s.3|18|1|1170|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.2.s.1|19|1|950|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.2.s.2|15|1|1330|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.2.s.3|10|1|70|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.2.s.4|31|1|1400|alpino_lc|1158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.3.s.1|20|1|3500|alpino_lc|2717
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000046.p.3.s.2|14|1|680|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.1.s.1|15|1|350|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.1.s.2|12|1|300|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.1.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.1.s.4|16|1|370|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.2.s.1|18|1|1690|alpino_lc|521
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.2.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.2.s.3|21|1|390|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.3.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.3.s.2|21|1|5700|alpino_lc|2320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000047.p.3.s.3|22|1|1170|alpino_lc|566
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.1.s.1|21|1|790|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.1|21|1|790|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.2|26|1|10010|alpino_lc|9894
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.3|14|1|440|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.4|15|1|450|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000048.p.2.s.6|19|1|420|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.1.s.1|10|1|680|alpino_lc|702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.1|10|1|680|alpino_lc|702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.2|17|1|530|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.3|13|1|530|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.4|11|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.5|29|1|7080|alpino_lc|4137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000049.p.2.s.6|17|1|530|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.1.s.1|33|1|2450|alpino_lc|1209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.2.s.1|33|1|2420|alpino_lc|1209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.2.s.2|16|1|770|alpino_lc|515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.3.s.1|24|1|630|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.3.s.2|16|1|650|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.3.s.3|36|1|3390|alpino_lc|4152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000050.p.3.s.4|11|1|150|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.1.s.1|21|1|1820|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.2.s.1|21|1|1830|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.2.s.2|15|1|760|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.2.s.3|29|1|550|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.2.s.4|25|1|1090|alpino_lc|445
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.3.s.1|15|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000051.p.3.s.2|21|1|3400|alpino_lc|1216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.1.s.1|13|1|260|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.2.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.2.s.2|22|1|940|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.2.s.3|20|1|550|alpino_lc|532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.2.s.4|12|1|340|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.3.s.1|29|1|9010|alpino_lc|3131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.3.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.4.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.4.s.2|21|1|830|alpino_lc|640
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000052.p.4.s.3|30|1|1250|alpino_lc|1039
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.1.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.1|12|1|490|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.3|26|1|920|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.4|15|1|340|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.6|21|1|360|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000053.p.2.s.7|13|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.1.s.1|19|1|470|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.2.s.1|19|1|510|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.2.s.2|14|1|350|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.2.s.3|13|1|830|alpino_lc|649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.2.s.4|13|1|370|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.3.s.1|31|1|13600|alpino_lc|6531
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000054.p.3.s.2|15|1|860|alpino_lc|1123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.1.s.1|17|1|1530|alpino_lc|931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.2.s.1|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.2.s.2|27|1|560|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.2.s.3|21|1|790|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.3.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.3.s.2|38|1|12020|alpino_lc|11680
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.3.s.3|27|1|15700|alpino_lc|3502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.4.s.1|17|1|640|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.4.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.4.s.3|19|1|2890|alpino_lc|724
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.4.s.4|21|1|1380|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000055.p.5.s.1|25|1|1690|alpino_lc|868
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.1.s.1|25|1|12620|alpino_lc|6420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.2.s.1|25|1|12670|alpino_lc|6420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.2.s.2|21|1|1930|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.2.s.3|21|1|900|alpino_lc|602
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.3.s.1|19|1|2090|alpino_lc|1218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.3.s.2|25|1|810|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.3.s.3|30|1|6300|alpino_lc|914
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.4.s.1|43|1|4110|alpino_lc|4314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.5.s.1|27|1|2300|alpino_lc|1379
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.5.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.5.s.3|21|1|2330|alpino_lc|2716
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000056.p.6.s.1|18|1|1710|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.1.s.1|31|1|44910|alpino_lc|30206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.2.s.1|31|1|45310|alpino_lc|30206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.2.s.2|17|1|410|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.3.s.1|32|1|4200|alpino_lc|693
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.3.s.2|24|1|740|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.3.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.4.s.1|28|1|4330|alpino_lc|1975
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.4.s.2|32|1|8870|alpino_lc|3014
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.5.s.1|25|1|7380|alpino_lc|3761
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.5.s.2|21|1|380|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000057.p.6.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.1.s.1|40|1|720|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.1.s.2|27|1|7510|alpino_lc|8143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.1.s.3|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.2.s.1|40|1|720|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.3.s.1|27|1|7510|alpino_lc|8143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.3.s.2|18|1|650|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.3.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.3.s.4|24|1|420|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.4.s.1|17|1|1500|alpino_lc|565
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.4.s.2|18|1|600|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.4.s.3|11|1|190|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.5.s.1|30|1|12270|alpino_lc|9330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000058.p.5.s.2|19|1|5030|alpino_lc|4484
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.1.s.1|58|1|6190|alpino_lc|3021
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.1.s.2|59|1|17470|alpino_lc|15386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.1.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.2.s.1|58|1|6200|alpino_lc|3021
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.3.s.1|59|1|17510|alpino_lc|15386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.3.s.2|14|1|530|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.4.s.1|24|1|6350|alpino_lc|1706
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.4.s.2|22|1|2410|alpino_lc|1787
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.5.s.1|40|1|51430|alpino_lc|5255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.5.s.2|17|1|3840|alpino_lc|3339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.5.s.3|15|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000059.p.6.s.1|15|1|560|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.1.s.1|6|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.2.s.1|6|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.2.s.2|35|1|7380|alpino_lc|1089
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.2.s.3|20|1|1420|alpino_lc|884
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.2.s.4|23|1|3060|alpino_lc|5610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.3.s.1|19|1|870|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.3.s.2|25|1|6100|alpino_lc|3349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.3.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.3.s.4|14|1|710|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.3.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.4.s.1|5|1|200|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.4.s.2|33|1|10270|alpino_lc|2958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.4.s.3|28|1|2440|alpino_lc|1185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000060.p.4.s.4|17|1|710|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.1.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.2.s.1|34|1|35770|alpino_lc|17029
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.2.s.2|18|1|370|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.2.s.3|17|1|560|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.2.s.4|16|1|840|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.2.s.5|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.3.s.1|22|1|660|alpino_lc|242
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.3.s.2|24|1|8940|alpino_lc|4795
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.3.s.3|10|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.3.s.4|48|1|45040|alpino_lc|30677
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.4.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.4.s.2|26|1|800|alpino_lc|1392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.4.s.3|24|1|930|alpino_lc|375
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.5.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.5.s.2|19|1|310|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.5.s.3|23|1|4690|alpino_lc|5209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.1|22|1|1500|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.2|22|1|1100|alpino_lc|367
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.4|12|1|1930|alpino_lc|545
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.5|25|1|2970|alpino_lc|1783
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.6|23|1|3620|alpino_lc|2360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.7|17|1|1190|alpino_lc|1678
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.8|17|1|310|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.6.s.9|20|1|4760|alpino_lc|5941
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.7.s.1|22|1|610|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.7.s.2|17|1|250|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.7.s.3|8|1|330|alpino_lc|322
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000061.p.7.s.4|18|1|3200|alpino_lc|2108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.1.s.1|22|1|890|alpino_lc|649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.2.s.1|22|1|880|alpino_lc|649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.2.s.2|29|1|4060|alpino_lc|2015
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.2.s.3|20|1|1260|alpino_lc|1700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.3.s.1|22|1|8070|alpino_lc|7014
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000062.p.3.s.2|21|1|800|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.1.s.1|25|1|1410|alpino_lc|2049
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.2.s.1|25|1|1390|alpino_lc|2049
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.2.s.2|13|1|240|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.2.s.3|19|1|7910|alpino_lc|4072
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.2.s.4|22|1|840|alpino_lc|480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.3.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|334
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000063.p.3.s.2|27|1|1720|alpino_lc|856
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.1.s.1|20|1|360|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.2.s.1|20|1|350|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.2.s.2|24|1|1130|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.2.s.3|24|1|2500|alpino_lc|1620
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.3.s.1|19|1|5240|alpino_lc|3008
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.3.s.2|13|1|630|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.3.s.3|25|1|1030|alpino_lc|499
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000064.p.3.s.4|17|1|720|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.1.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.2.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.2.s.2|24|1|800|alpino_lc|549
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.2.s.3|12|1|880|alpino_lc|815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.3.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.3.s.2|21|1|1390|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.3.s.3|23|1|3500|alpino_lc|2362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.3.s.4|21|1|2560|alpino_lc|2136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000065.p.3.s.5|17|1|690|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.1.s.1|25|1|2470|alpino_lc|872
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.2.s.1|25|1|2420|alpino_lc|872
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.2.s.2|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|849
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.2.s.3|27|1|1270|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.3.s.1|24|1|1750|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.3.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.3.s.3|30|1|11590|alpino_lc|7594
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000066.p.3.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|276
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.1.s.1|25|1|2100|alpino_lc|740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.2.s.1|25|1|2030|alpino_lc|740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.2.s.2|31|1|8910|alpino_lc|5678
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.3.s.1|26|1|2900|alpino_lc|700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000067.p.3.s.2|19|1|730|alpino_lc|375
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.1.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.2.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.2.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.3.s.1|22|1|2280|alpino_lc|1010
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.3.s.2|32|1|19520|alpino_lc|23688
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.3.s.3|19|1|770|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000068.p.3.s.4|12|1|660|alpino_lc|457
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.1.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.2.s.1|32|1|2980|alpino_lc|1281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.2.s.2|24|1|2970|alpino_lc|1692
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.3.s.1|20|1|420|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.3.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000069.p.4.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000070.p.1.s.1|21|1|560|alpino_lc|307
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000070.p.2.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000070.p.2.s.2|25|1|1760|alpino_lc|674
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000070.p.2.s.3|35|1|1800|alpino_lc|1270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000070.p.3.s.1|25|1|11190|alpino_lc|6592
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.1.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.1.s.2|22|1|2830|alpino_lc|1931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.1.s.3|16|1|360|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.1.s.4|25|1|1340|alpino_lc|673
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.2.s.1|32|1|6650|alpino_lc|4819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000071.p.3.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.1.s.1|31|1|9320|alpino_lc|2028
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.1.s.2|28|1|1420|alpino_lc|1615
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.1.s.3|21|1|5930|alpino_lc|3160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.2.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.2.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000072.p.2.s.3|17|1|320|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.1.s.1|20|1|1490|alpino_lc|1065
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.1.s.2|22|1|17310|alpino_lc|8193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.1.s.3|9|1|760|alpino_lc|450
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.1.s.4|21|1|1360|alpino_lc|1111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.2.s.1|29|1|1690|alpino_lc|1036
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.2.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000073.p.2.s.3|6|1|160|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.1.s.1|26|1|1120|alpino_lc|546
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.1.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.2.s.1|25|1|1060|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.2.s.2|10|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.2.s.3|25|1|5360|alpino_lc|3006
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.3.s.1|16|1|380|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.3.s.2|15|1|510|alpino_lc|307
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000074.p.3.s.3|14|1|570|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.1.s.1|30|1|9570|alpino_lc|2809
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.1.s.2|17|1|530|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.2.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.2.s.2|9|1|290|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.2.s.3|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|457
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.3.s.1|19|1|430|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.3.s.2|17|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000075.p.3.s.3|23|1|800|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.1.s.1|15|1|400|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.1.s.2|21|1|10130|alpino_lc|3855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.2.s.1|36|1|8140|alpino_lc|3320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.3.s.1|34|1|19190|alpino_lc|6002
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.3.s.2|31|1|14120|alpino_lc|6315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.4.s.1|15|1|850|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.4.s.2|8|1|860|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.5.s.1|25|1|2330|alpino_lc|663
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.6.s.1|44|1|199750|alpino_lc|75552
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000076.p.7.s.1|17|1|990|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.1.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.1.s.2|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|830
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.1.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.2.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.2.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.2.s.3|12|1|2100|alpino_lc|1609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.2.s.4|24|1|1680|alpino_lc|1673
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.2.s.5|19|1|1350|alpino_lc|740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.3.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.3.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.3.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.4.s.1|20|1|3050|alpino_lc|921
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.4.s.2|28|1|2850|alpino_lc|944
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.5.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.5.s.2|31|1|1950|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.6.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.6.s.2|11|1|280|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000077.p.7.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.1.s.1|14|1|2500|alpino_lc|2599
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.1.s.2|24|1|560|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.1.s.3|31|1|4270|alpino_lc|648
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.2.s.1|24|1|2310|alpino_lc|2429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.2.s.2|20|1|750|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.3.s.1|27|1|6020|alpino_lc|7179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.3.s.2|26|1|1970|alpino_lc|380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.3.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.4.s.1|23|1|470|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.4.s.2|21|1|340|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.5.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000078.p.5.s.2|18|1|2290|alpino_lc|1005
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.1.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.1.s.2|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|1647
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.2.s.1|25|1|650|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.2.s.2|18|1|270|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.3.s.1|15|1|3920|alpino_lc|3657
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.3.s.2|25|1|5710|alpino_lc|1532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.4.s.1|12|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.4.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.4.s.3|22|1|500|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.5.s.1|12|1|280|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.5.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.6.s.1|11|1|1380|alpino_lc|867
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.6.s.2|23|1|1090|alpino_lc|643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000079.p.7.s.1|26|1|1210|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.1.s.1|21|1|3400|alpino_lc|3692
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.1.s.2|18|1|740|alpino_lc|547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.1.s.3|12|1|310|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.2.s.1|39|1|4140|alpino_lc|1528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.3.s.1|26|1|12940|alpino_lc|8141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.3.s.2|19|1|4270|alpino_lc|3434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.4.s.1|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|981
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.4.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.5.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.5.s.2|24|1|1020|alpino_lc|803
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.6.s.1|18|1|460|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.6.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000080.p.6.s.3|11|1|440|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.1.s.1|16|1|1410|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.1.s.2|31|1|10750|alpino_lc|4908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.1.s.3|19|1|1940|alpino_lc|1254
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.1.s.4|11|1|400|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.2.s.1|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.2.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.2.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.2.s.4|29|1|2880|alpino_lc|917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.2.s.5|16|1|300|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.3.s.1|16|1|1260|alpino_lc|661
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.3.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.3.s.3|37|1|5150|alpino_lc|2145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000081.p.3.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.1.s.1|19|1|250|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.1.s.2|21|1|310|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.1.s.3|16|1|940|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.2.s.1|14|1|930|alpino_lc|974
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.2.s.2|25|1|6120|alpino_lc|4009
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000082.p.2.s.3|20|1|850|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.1.s.1|19|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.1.s.2|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|646
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.1.s.3|11|1|1330|alpino_lc|1789
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.1.s.4|34|1|6200|alpino_lc|3659
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.1.s.5|22|1|880|alpino_lc|546
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.2.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000083.p.2.s.2|32|1|880|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000084.p.1.s.1|26|1|490|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000084.p.1.s.2|17|1|530|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000084.p.2.s.1|15|1|780|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000084.p.2.s.2|16|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000084.p.2.s.3|25|1|3610|alpino_lc|1855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.1.s.1|12|1|1650|alpino_lc|819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.1.s.2|27|1|3800|alpino_lc|1525
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.1.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.1.s.4|15|1|300|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.2.s.1|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|786
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000085.p.2.s.2|21|1|270|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.1.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.1.s.2|19|1|4700|alpino_lc|3819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.1.s.3|21|1|560|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.2.s.1|19|1|1730|alpino_lc|2426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.2.s.2|24|1|2270|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000086.p.3.s.1|26|1|1270|alpino_lc|957
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.1.s.1|25|1|17410|alpino_lc|6634
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.1.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.1.s.3|10|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.1.s.4|18|1|1100|alpino_lc|669
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.2.s.1|28|1|3070|alpino_lc|2539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.3.s.1|18|1|640|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000087.p.3.s.2|21|1|290|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.1.s.1|22|1|1360|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.1.s.2|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|1668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.1.s.3|14|1|470|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.1.s.4|23|1|480|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.2.s.1|26|1|2850|alpino_lc|1668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000088.p.2.s.2|21|1|2850|alpino_lc|2312
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.1.s.1|17|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.1.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.2.s.1|30|1|8900|alpino_lc|5685
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.3.s.1|25|1|4730|alpino_lc|6143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.3.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.3.s.3|27|1|3390|alpino_lc|4247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.4.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.4.s.2|15|1|690|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000089.p.4.s.3|17|1|2120|alpino_lc|2020
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.1.s.1|18|1|530|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.2.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.2.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.2.s.3|22|1|1360|alpino_lc|1412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.2.s.4|27|1|11060|alpino_lc|7016
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.3.s.1|12|1|940|alpino_lc|911
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.3.s.2|35|1|840|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.4.s.1|10|1|490|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.4.s.2|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|1155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000090.p.4.s.3|16|1|3770|alpino_lc|2067
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000091.p.1.s.1|24|1|240|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000091.p.1.s.2|16|1|260|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000091.p.2.s.1|29|1|3630|alpino_lc|1434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000091.p.3.s.1|39|1|3230|alpino_lc|2380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.1.s.1|20|1|320|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.2.s.1|34|1|9150|alpino_lc|2141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.2.s.2|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|942
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.2.s.3|17|1|580|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.3.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.3.s.2|17|1|780|alpino_lc|629
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.4.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000092.p.4.s.2|19|1|390|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.1.s.1|24|1|2090|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.2.s.1|27|1|1100|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.2.s.2|14|1|930|alpino_lc|603
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.1|24|1|2210|alpino_lc|1207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.2|28|1|960|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.4|9|1|480|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.5|9|1|300|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000093.p.3.s.6|31|1|770|alpino_lc|461
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000094.p.1.s.1|32|1|11400|alpino_lc|3258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000094.p.2.s.1|49|1|5800|alpino_lc|2133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000094.p.3.s.1|27|1|640|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000094.p.3.s.2|31|1|11780|alpino_lc|6633
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.1.s.1|28|1|10590|alpino_lc|5917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.2.s.1|51|1|111930|alpino_lc|61315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.2.s.2|28|1|1770|alpino_lc|1249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.2.s.3|18|1|550|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.2.s.4|16|1|330|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.2.s.5|8|1|220|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.3.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.3.s.2|13|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.3.s.3|26|1|5170|alpino_lc|2772
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.3.s.4|34|1|5880|alpino_lc|5492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.4.s.1|48|1|5570|alpino_lc|5031
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.4.s.2|26|1|9060|alpino_lc|1034
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.4.s.3|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.1|29|1|3800|alpino_lc|1905
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.2|12|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.3|18|1|2200|alpino_lc|1269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.4|16|1|460|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.5|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1603
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.5.s.6|37|1|2410|alpino_lc|674
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.1|36|1|2390|alpino_lc|366
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.2|31|1|14810|alpino_lc|2292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.3|21|1|540|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.4|15|1|870|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.5|36|1|22090|alpino_lc|10226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.6|30|1|1270|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.6.s.7|13|1|2080|alpino_lc|1296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.2|18|1|1450|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.3|17|1|700|alpino_lc|691
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.5|15|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.6|21|1|770|alpino_lc|781
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.7|38|1|15060|alpino_lc|3341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.8|17|1|540|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.9|8|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.10|42|1|3630|alpino_lc|4478
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.11|7|1|180|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000095.p.7.s.12|6|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.1.s.1|12|1|510|alpino_lc|366
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.1.s.2|25|1|1430|alpino_lc|1052
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.1.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.1.s.4|40|1|10000|alpino_lc|1999
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.1.s.5|17|1|460|alpino_lc|423
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.1|25|1|1930|alpino_lc|1644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.2|18|1|460|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.3|15|1|1410|alpino_lc|1621
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.5|14|1|380|alpino_lc|466
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.6|16|1|350|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.2.s.7|21|1|810|alpino_lc|342
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.3|8|1|500|alpino_lc|524
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.5|37|1|4730|alpino_lc|7881
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.3.s.6|11|1|350|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.1|20|1|5540|alpino_lc|5058
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.2|19|1|560|alpino_lc|1272
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.4|10|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.5|27|1|2070|alpino_lc|2274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.6|32|1|960|alpino_lc|1027
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.4.s.7|33|1|6240|alpino_lc|3332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.5.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.5.s.2|19|1|320|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.5.s.3|52|1|11060|alpino_lc|3764
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.6.s.1|34|1|13510|alpino_lc|8394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.6.s.2|16|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.6.s.3|26|1|4840|alpino_lc|2675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.6.s.4|22|1|1930|alpino_lc|1506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.7.s.1|17|1|370|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.7.s.2|20|1|8370|alpino_lc|4917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.7.s.3|14|1|150|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000096.p.7.s.4|41|1|30400|alpino_lc|2491
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.1.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.1.s.2|16|1|440|alpino_lc|506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.2.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.2.s.2|23|1|900|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.2.s.3|19|1|2010|alpino_lc|2895
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.2.s.4|16|1|450|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.2.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.3|12|1|610|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.4|15|1|770|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.5|27|1|8080|alpino_lc|2087
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.6|12|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.3.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.4.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.4.s.2|33|1|4100|alpino_lc|767
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.4.s.3|32|1|1500|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.4.s.4|11|1|370|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.5.s.1|9|1|430|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.5.s.2|7|1|230|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.5.s.3|31|1|4700|alpino_lc|732
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.6.s.1|18|1|230|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.6.s.2|25|1|1040|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.6.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.6.s.4|10|1|250|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.7.s.1|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.7.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.7.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.7.s.4|22|1|3480|alpino_lc|1613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.7.s.5|28|1|1730|alpino_lc|746
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.8.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.8.s.2|17|1|770|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.8.s.3|20|1|4330|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.8.s.4|17|1|300|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.8.s.5|13|1|390|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.2|23|1|9930|alpino_lc|2983
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.3|10|1|90|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.4|16|1|480|alpino_lc|535
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.5|12|1|260|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.6|19|1|790|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.7|5|1|160|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.9.s.8|14|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.10.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.10.s.2|28|1|15730|alpino_lc|6728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.10.s.3|30|1|2720|alpino_lc|667
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.11.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.11.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.11.s.3|20|1|960|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.11.s.4|12|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.11.s.5|22|1|6420|alpino_lc|4041
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.12.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.12.s.2|36|1|3200|alpino_lc|2207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.13.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.13.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.13.s.3|18|1|260|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.13.s.4|17|1|1460|alpino_lc|1121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.3|23|1|5520|alpino_lc|7220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.4|15|1|910|alpino_lc|486
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.5|15|1|380|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.6|15|1|960|alpino_lc|848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.7|17|1|770|alpino_lc|830
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.14.s.8|18|1|1050|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.15.s.1|15|1|2090|alpino_lc|1484
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.15.s.2|20|1|1830|alpino_lc|1053
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.15.s.3|27|1|1530|alpino_lc|931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.15.s.4|12|1|260|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.16.s.1|20|1|1480|alpino_lc|2171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.16.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.16.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.16.s.4|26|1|9120|alpino_lc|5425
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.16.s.5|24|1|650|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.17.s.1|18|1|620|alpino_lc|677
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.17.s.2|16|1|370|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.17.s.3|17|1|520|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.17.s.4|16|1|410|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000097.p.17.s.5|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|1582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.1.s.1|14|1|500|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.1.s.2|28|1|1250|alpino_lc|632
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.2.s.1|40|1|3290|alpino_lc|1900
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.3.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.3.s.2|9|1|180|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.4.s.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.4.s.2|22|1|1050|alpino_lc|1288
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.4.s.3|39|1|4740|alpino_lc|1125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.5.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.5.s.2|14|1|1620|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.5.s.3|19|1|5650|alpino_lc|3533
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000098.p.5.s.4|21|1|490|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.1.s.1|25|1|530|alpino_lc|286
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.1.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.2.s.1|52|1|27590|alpino_lc|2364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.3.s.1|23|1|1040|alpino_lc|628
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.3.s.2|18|1|2020|alpino_lc|1848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.4.s.1|39|1|117030|alpino_lc|78043
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.5.s.1|24|1|18560|alpino_lc|13129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.5.s.2|40|1|1000|alpino_lc|261
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000099.p.6.s.1|18|1|430|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.1.s.1|25|1|2740|alpino_lc|3917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.1.s.2|45|1|12870|alpino_lc|9587
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.2.s.1|31|1|10530|alpino_lc|5697
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.2.s.2|22|1|5400|alpino_lc|3580
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.3.s.1|16|1|540|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.3.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.4.s.1|16|1|500|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.4.s.2|24|1|910|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.4.s.3|25|1|13690|alpino_lc|9493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.5.s.1|15|1|360|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.5.s.2|16|1|1330|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000100.p.5.s.3|11|1|410|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.1.s.1|12|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.1.s.2|36|1|8980|alpino_lc|8631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.1.s.3|15|1|420|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.1.s.4|14|1|980|alpino_lc|955
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.2.s.1|17|1|850|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.2.s.2|13|1|220|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.2.s.3|20|1|630|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.3.s.1|18|1|210|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.3.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.4.s.1|16|1|660|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.4.s.2|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|1585
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.5.s.1|34|1|18210|alpino_lc|2903
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000101.p.5.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.1.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.1.s.2|23|1|6560|alpino_lc|3003
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.1.s.3|16|1|580|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.1.s.4|30|1|1040|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.2.s.1|25|1|8980|alpino_lc|4131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.2.s.2|22|1|380|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.2.s.3|24|1|4640|alpino_lc|4859
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.2.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.3.s.1|17|1|410|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.3.s.2|40|1|2420|alpino_lc|1690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.3.s.3|18|1|830|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000102.p.3.s.4|10|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.1.s.1|16|1|990|alpino_lc|1031
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.1.s.2|17|1|770|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.2.s.1|16|1|2150|alpino_lc|1392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.2.s.2|35|1|9250|alpino_lc|9062
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.3.s.1|26|1|6200|alpino_lc|2562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.3.s.2|13|1|360|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.4.s.1|9|1|410|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.4.s.2|22|1|700|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.4.s.3|13|1|310|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.5.s.1|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|849
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.5.s.2|26|1|1330|alpino_lc|1244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000103.p.6.s.1|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.1.s.1|12|1|710|alpino_lc|754
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.1.s.2|14|1|480|alpino_lc|478
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.2.s.1|26|1|500|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.2.s.2|24|1|1540|alpino_lc|1409
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.2.s.3|35|1|2190|alpino_lc|2131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.3.s.1|12|1|770|alpino_lc|865
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.3.s.2|20|1|380|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.3.s.3|19|1|490|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.3.s.4|58|1|63300|alpino_lc|20721
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.3.s.5|74|1|86940|alpino_lc|65009
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.2|20|1|3030|alpino_lc|1164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.3|22|1|380|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.4|22|1|5220|alpino_lc|5871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.6|16|1|510|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.7|22|1|1490|alpino_lc|904
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.4.s.8|22|1|870|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.5.s.1|26|1|1520|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.5.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.5.s.3|28|1|650|alpino_lc|380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.5.s.4|32|1|11450|alpino_lc|3564
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.1|22|1|3310|alpino_lc|4403
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.2|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|503
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.4|27|1|1450|alpino_lc|692
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.5|21|1|540|alpino_lc|290
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.6.s.6|24|1|850|alpino_lc|448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.2|19|1|530|alpino_lc|635
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.3|17|1|480|alpino_lc|332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.4|21|1|10410|alpino_lc|5424
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.6|14|1|620|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.7|15|1|390|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.8|27|1|3900|alpino_lc|1236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.9|15|1|450|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.7.s.10|25|1|5710|alpino_lc|3657
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.1|18|1|370|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.2|13|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.5|14|1|530|alpino_lc|369
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.6|13|1|550|alpino_lc|844
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.7|22|1|3370|alpino_lc|1818
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.8|17|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.9|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|536
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.10|16|1|850|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.11|40|1|8390|alpino_lc|9000
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.8.s.12|12|1|630|alpino_lc|956
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.2|14|1|770|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.4|10|1|400|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.5|16|1|500|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.9.s.6|31|1|1400|alpino_lc|1108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.1|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|766
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.2|29|1|2000|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.3|20|1|2150|alpino_lc|1650
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.5|18|1|1520|alpino_lc|1625
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.6|12|1|190|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.7|24|1|720|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.8|9|1|180|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.9|18|1|300|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000104.p.10.s.10|14|1|870|alpino_lc|494
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.1.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.1.s.2|18|1|590|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.1.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.1.s.4|7|1|310|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.1|36|1|1930|alpino_lc|2176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.2|39|1|900|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.3|15|1|390|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.4|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|625
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.5|16|1|850|alpino_lc|898
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.2.s.6|16|1|180|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.3.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.3.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.3.s.3|24|1|3170|alpino_lc|2928
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.3.s.4|18|1|1250|alpino_lc|2083
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.3.s.5|28|1|6170|alpino_lc|4578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.4.s.1|13|1|110|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.4.s.2|19|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.4.s.3|23|1|1820|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.5.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.5.s.2|21|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.6.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.6.s.2|37|1|7500|alpino_lc|10042
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.6.s.3|23|1|6790|alpino_lc|4944
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.6.s.4|11|1|340|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.7.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.7.s.2|15|1|1080|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.7.s.3|14|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.7.s.4|18|1|210|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.8.s.1|26|1|980|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.8.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.8.s.3|23|1|560|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.9.s.1|7|1|260|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.9.s.2|26|1|1990|alpino_lc|1060
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.9.s.3|19|1|290|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.9.s.4|11|1|640|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.9.s.5|24|1|2560|alpino_lc|1801
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.10.s.1|12|1|900|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.10.s.2|26|1|11990|alpino_lc|6952
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.10.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.10.s.4|31|1|3930|alpino_lc|2616
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.11.s.1|28|1|1030|alpino_lc|588
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.11.s.2|19|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.11.s.3|15|1|730|alpino_lc|822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.11.s.4|25|1|2030|alpino_lc|1746
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.12.s.1|19|1|1680|alpino_lc|808
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.12.s.2|28|1|3330|alpino_lc|2406
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.12.s.3|12|1|340|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.12.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.2|12|1|710|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.4|14|1|2240|alpino_lc|2510
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.6|13|1|460|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.7|22|1|820|alpino_lc|599
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.13.s.8|31|1|1780|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.14.s.1|29|1|1790|alpino_lc|1535
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.14.s.2|27|1|1330|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.14.s.3|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|828
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.15.s.1|24|1|7810|alpino_lc|7732
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.15.s.2|20|1|590|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.16.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.16.s.2|8|1|530|alpino_lc|908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.16.s.3|25|1|5290|alpino_lc|7821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.16.s.4|17|1|390|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.16.s.5|16|1|560|alpino_lc|424
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.1|28|1|930|alpino_lc|620
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.3|9|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.4|24|1|560|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.5|12|1|1370|alpino_lc|2026
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.6|22|1|960|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.7|10|1|280|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.8|33|1|22250|alpino_lc|22022
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.9|12|1|180|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.10|23|1|820|alpino_lc|931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.17.s.11|20|1|2610|alpino_lc|2245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.18.s.1|39|1|34790|alpino_lc|12859
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.18.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.18.s.3|20|1|1890|alpino_lc|2221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.18.s.4|13|1|840|alpino_lc|755
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.19.s.1|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.19.s.2|32|1|1200|alpino_lc|1601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.1|21|1|1660|alpino_lc|1582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.2|16|1|640|alpino_lc|781
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.3|19|1|590|alpino_lc|637
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.5|15|1|380|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.20.s.6|39|1|12770|alpino_lc|4768
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.21.s.1|21|1|360|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.21.s.2|14|1|370|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.21.s.3|26|1|1260|alpino_lc|876
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.21.s.4|20|1|1820|alpino_lc|808
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.21.s.5|19|1|380|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.1|25|1|1060|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.2|17|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.3|26|1|8830|alpino_lc|5472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.4|39|1|39180|alpino_lc|19477
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.5|11|1|340|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.6|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.7|16|1|1950|alpino_lc|1755
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.8|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000105.p.22.s.9|4|1|20|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.1.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.1.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.1|20|1|1120|alpino_lc|867
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.2|20|1|390|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.4|32|1|7880|alpino_lc|7937
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.5|11|1|260|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.6|10|1|350|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.7|23|1|1510|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.2.s.8|4|1|60|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.1|15|1|200|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|223
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.4|26|1|16020|alpino_lc|8269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.5|11|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.6|22|1|640|alpino_lc|408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.7|37|1|2800|alpino_lc|1502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.8|17|1|260|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.3.s.9|25|1|2980|alpino_lc|3418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.4.s.1|22|1|930|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.4.s.2|15|1|440|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.4.s.3|31|1|3570|alpino_lc|1675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.4.s.4|27|1|31870|alpino_lc|7431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.1|24|1|550|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.2|23|1|1160|alpino_lc|653
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.4|34|1|5840|alpino_lc|3257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.5|10|1|260|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.5.s.6|6|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.6.s.1|34|1|12260|alpino_lc|4186
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.6.s.2|25|1|5690|alpino_lc|6032
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.6.s.3|37|1|8800|alpino_lc|4782
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.2|17|1|7960|alpino_lc|6402
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.3|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.4|50|1|16690|alpino_lc|18251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.5|14|1|470|alpino_lc|442
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.6|35|1|7570|alpino_lc|2691
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.7.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.3|24|1|430|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.4|10|1|180|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.5|37|1|2480|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.8.s.6|24|1|1960|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.1|12|1|430|alpino_lc|411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.3|27|1|1580|alpino_lc|660
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.4|30|1|1030|alpino_lc|585
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.5|22|1|2260|alpino_lc|4091
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.6|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|795
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.7|31|1|6510|alpino_lc|947
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.8|23|1|2860|alpino_lc|5341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.9|26|1|4320|alpino_lc|6558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.10|18|1|4460|alpino_lc|1683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.11|31|1|2330|alpino_lc|1365
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.9.s.12|33|1|820|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.1|36|1|7910|alpino_lc|5487
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.2|13|1|970|alpino_lc|773
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.3|16|1|820|alpino_lc|966
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.4|18|1|2000|alpino_lc|2337
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.5|10|1|340|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.6|42|1|1590|alpino_lc|1071
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.7|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|516
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.10.s.8|15|1|900|alpino_lc|775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.1|32|1|3310|alpino_lc|2619
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.2|35|1|5590|alpino_lc|4811
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.3|17|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.4|37|1|6590|alpino_lc|2793
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.5|19|1|570|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.11.s.6|7|1|200|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.12.s.1|20|1|2660|alpino_lc|1208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.12.s.2|33|1|5010|alpino_lc|3704
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.12.s.3|25|1|2910|alpino_lc|3227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.12.s.4|26|1|2170|alpino_lc|1796
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.12.s.5|8|1|150|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.1|23|1|9300|alpino_lc|1820
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.2|28|1|8520|alpino_lc|5740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.4|14|1|4430|alpino_lc|7735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.5|9|1|490|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.6|23|1|9400|alpino_lc|6214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.7|8|1|200|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.8|13|1|520|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.9|13|1|410|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.10|8|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.11|10|1|140|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.12|10|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.13.s.13|10|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.1|53|1|54830|alpino_lc|25622
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.3|28|1|9320|alpino_lc|7138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.5|10|1|340|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.14.s.6|18|1|480|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.15.s.1|14|1|540|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.15.s.2|27|1|2800|alpino_lc|1439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.15.s.3|37|1|2500|alpino_lc|2181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.15.s.4|16|1|770|alpino_lc|540
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.1|36|1|17160|alpino_lc|14043
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.2|23|1|18860|alpino_lc|4401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.4|16|1|260|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.5|8|1|270|alpino_lc|242
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.6|24|1|2300|alpino_lc|609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.7|33|1|11940|alpino_lc|5096
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.8|26|1|1730|alpino_lc|838
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.9|24|1|1450|alpino_lc|1912
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.10|10|1|320|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.11|13|1|550|alpino_lc|518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.12|10|1|410|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.16.s.13|21|1|400|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.1|22|1|8720|alpino_lc|10078
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.2|19|1|2610|alpino_lc|2243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.3|31|1|11370|alpino_lc|3457
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.4|16|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.5|9|1|300|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.6|7|1|50|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.7|19|1|2210|alpino_lc|3390
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.8|27|1|2180|alpino_lc|1234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.9|9|1|330|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.17.s.10|9|1|1040|alpino_lc|967
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.1|20|1|1790|alpino_lc|696
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.2|10|1|990|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.3|26|1|7570|alpino_lc|2536
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.4|16|1|540|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.5|6|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000106.p.18.s.6|10|1|260|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000107.p.1.s.1|19|1|360|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000107.p.1.s.2|34|1|3890|alpino_lc|1125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000107.p.1.s.3|15|1|360|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000107.p.1.s.4|22|1|640|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000107.p.2.s.1|32|1|3180|alpino_lc|3736
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.1.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.1.s.2|17|1|440|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.1.s.3|29|1|23750|alpino_lc|5059
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.2.s.1|19|1|4990|alpino_lc|4044
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.2.s.2|37|1|10720|alpino_lc|8342
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000108.p.3.s.1|20|1|2740|alpino_lc|2051
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.1.s.1|31|1|2900|alpino_lc|863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.1.s.2|18|1|550|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.1.s.3|17|1|270|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.1.s.4|19|1|280|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.1.s.5|22|1|460|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.2.s.1|14|1|1070|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.2.s.2|14|1|180|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.2.s.3|15|1|1730|alpino_lc|1317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000109.p.3.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.1.s.1|24|1|6090|alpino_lc|1088
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.1.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.1.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.1.s.4|14|1|500|alpino_lc|494
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.2.s.1|23|1|4520|alpino_lc|3909
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.2.s.2|22|1|9800|alpino_lc|8406
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.3.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.3.s.2|15|1|460|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.4.s.1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000110.p.4.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.1.s.1|31|1|10510|alpino_lc|9295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.1.s.2|22|1|2830|alpino_lc|1492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.1.s.3|15|1|790|alpino_lc|829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.2.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.2.s.2|17|1|870|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.2.s.3|16|1|410|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000111.p.3.s.1|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|1254
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.1.s.1|10|1|770|alpino_lc|646
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.1.s.2|20|1|720|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.2.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.2.s.2|14|1|2980|alpino_lc|3345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.2.s.3|25|1|17810|alpino_lc|6162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.3.s.1|24|1|400|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000112.p.3.s.2|18|1|460|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.1.s.1|27|1|1600|alpino_lc|686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.1.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.1.s.3|34|1|2220|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.1.s.4|27|1|510|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.2.s.1|25|1|1740|alpino_lc|668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000113.p.3.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000114.p.1.s.1|33|1|3600|alpino_lc|1281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000114.p.1.s.2|24|1|900|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000114.p.1.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000114.p.1.s.4|19|1|1010|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.1.s.1|19|1|2340|alpino_lc|2485
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.1.s.2|15|1|770|alpino_lc|848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.1.s.3|22|1|18970|alpino_lc|1500
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.1.s.4|20|1|2200|alpino_lc|1282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.1.s.5|26|1|4140|alpino_lc|2245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.2.s.1|20|1|270|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000115.p.2.s.2|23|1|420|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000116.p.1.s.1|43|1|16900|alpino_lc|1622
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000116.p.1.s.2|18|1|2340|alpino_lc|1214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000116.p.1.s.3|23|1|4320|alpino_lc|4568
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000116.p.1.s.4|32|1|1360|alpino_lc|683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000116.p.2.s.1|49|1|5930|alpino_lc|3550
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000117.p.1.s.1|18|1|900|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000117.p.1.s.2|28|1|2520|alpino_lc|1897
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000117.p.1.s.3|16|1|310|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000117.p.1.s.4|39|1|4010|alpino_lc|2908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000117.p.1.s.5|11|1|990|alpino_lc|605
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.1.s.1|27|1|790|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.1.s.2|24|1|700|alpino_lc|532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.1.s.3|23|1|300|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.1.s.4|12|1|160|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.2.s.1|25|1|1190|alpino_lc|405
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.2.s.2|14|1|240|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000118.p.2.s.3|21|1|690|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.1.s.1|15|1|840|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.1.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.1.s.3|19|1|1890|alpino_lc|1512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.2.s.1|31|1|1340|alpino_lc|919
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.2.s.2|16|1|300|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.2.s.3|42|1|8100|alpino_lc|1775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000119.p.3.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.1|21|1|200|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.2|33|1|5290|alpino_lc|563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.3|25|1|2920|alpino_lc|1013
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.4|15|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.5|21|1|3880|alpino_lc|2713
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.1.s.6|8|1|200|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.2.s.1|26|1|12800|alpino_lc|2812
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000120.p.2.s.2|28|1|1450|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.1.s.1|17|1|270|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.1.s.2|13|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.2.s.1|7|1|370|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.2.s.2|78|1|80910|alpino_lc|13303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.3.s.1|18|1|200|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.3.s.2|17|1|3950|alpino_lc|3840
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.3.s.3|18|1|1980|alpino_lc|1745
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.3.s.4|10|1|620|alpino_lc|547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.3.s.5|89|1|52290|alpino_lc|22479
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.2|18|1|5440|alpino_lc|3930
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.4|25|1|2330|alpino_lc|723
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.6|22|1|1200|alpino_lc|1188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.7|7|1|100|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.8|15|1|250|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.4.s.10|33|1|940|alpino_lc|914
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.1|15|1|420|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.3|26|1|710|alpino_lc|470
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.4|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|425
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.5|30|1|4660|alpino_lc|2479
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.6|15|1|310|alpino_lc|231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.7|26|1|4930|alpino_lc|1927
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.5.s.8|6|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.2|30|1|18050|alpino_lc|4511
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.4|17|1|1290|alpino_lc|1230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.5|16|1|360|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.6.s.6|27|1|3310|alpino_lc|1492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.7.s.1|13|1|520|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.7.s.2|33|1|58460|alpino_lc|1004
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.7.s.3|30|1|10090|alpino_lc|1370
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.7.s.4|15|1|710|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.8.s.1|28|1|2680|alpino_lc|948
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.8.s.2|37|1|38270|alpino_lc|4710
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.8.s.3|13|1|1410|alpino_lc|1324
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.9.s.1|11|1|1120|alpino_lc|759
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.9.s.2|24|1|7160|alpino_lc|6304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.9.s.3|21|1|1090|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.9.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.9.s.5|25|1|5420|alpino_lc|5545
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.10.s.1|30|1|3170|alpino_lc|1217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.10.s.2|27|1|3180|alpino_lc|1226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.2|14|1|5060|alpino_lc|2218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.3|25|1|600|alpino_lc|157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.4|12|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.5|13|1|310|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.6|16|1|250|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.11.s.7|13|1|340|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.12.s.1|32|1|4770|alpino_lc|1175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.12.s.2|13|1|160|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.12.s.3|14|1|880|alpino_lc|783
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.12.s.4|29|1|4020|alpino_lc|1195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.13.s.1|15|1|730|alpino_lc|710
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.13.s.2|43|1|3510|alpino_lc|3084
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.13.s.3|25|1|4760|alpino_lc|2028
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.13.s.4|16|1|8860|alpino_lc|8515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.13.s.5|39|1|9970|alpino_lc|2771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|223
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.3|25|1|9320|alpino_lc|4612
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.4|17|1|880|alpino_lc|704
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.5|16|1|520|alpino_lc|470
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.6|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.7|13|1|6110|alpino_lc|5508
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000121.p.14.s.9|17|1|750|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.1.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.1.s.2|18|1|6710|alpino_lc|3416
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.1.s.3|10|1|340|alpino_lc|632
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.2.s.1|23|1|1780|alpino_lc|1421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.2.s.2|35|1|3410|alpino_lc|2261
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.3.s.2|20|1|710|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.3.s.3|18|1|460|alpino_lc|281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.3.s.4|14|1|650|alpino_lc|763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.4.s.1|32|1|20640|alpino_lc|8264
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.4.s.2|19|1|820|alpino_lc|444
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.5.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.5.s.2|20|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.5.s.3|41|1|185560|alpino_lc|12615
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.5.s.4|34|1|1380|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.5.s.5|10|1|610|alpino_lc|904
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.6.s.1|17|1|1110|alpino_lc|486
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.6.s.2|19|1|760|alpino_lc|567
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.6.s.3|16|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.6.s.4|28|1|4220|alpino_lc|3072
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.6.s.5|20|1|440|alpino_lc|312
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.1|20|1|1340|alpino_lc|1079
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.2|29|1|7190|alpino_lc|1544
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.3|14|1|200|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.4|14|1|460|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.5|28|1|2890|alpino_lc|1978
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.6|38|1|13470|alpino_lc|4448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.7.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.8.s.1|38|1|60200|alpino_lc|12663
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.8.s.2|21|1|830|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.8.s.3|13|1|350|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.1|19|1|800|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.2|14|1|230|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.3|31|1|1310|alpino_lc|847
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.5|17|1|280|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.6|29|1|1360|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000122.p.9.s.7|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.1.s.1|16|1|690|alpino_lc|757
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.1.s.2|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|971
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.1|18|1|720|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.2|28|1|13560|alpino_lc|11815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.3|9|1|400|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.4|22|1|870|alpino_lc|773
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.5|23|1|4130|alpino_lc|3288
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.6|13|1|400|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.7|25|1|360|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.8|25|1|20370|alpino_lc|6798
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.2.s.9|14|1|230|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.1|11|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.2|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.3|19|1|350|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.4|22|1|2090|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.5|21|1|5180|alpino_lc|2649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.6|15|1|490|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.3.s.8|10|1|300|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.4.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.4.s.2|15|1|280|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.4.s.3|33|1|6040|alpino_lc|1603
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.4.s.4|35|1|12690|alpino_lc|6426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.2|28|1|7170|alpino_lc|7915
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.3|31|1|8300|alpino_lc|10848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.5|17|1|410|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.5.s.6|15|1|1760|alpino_lc|1188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.6.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.6.s.2|35|1|750|alpino_lc|451
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.6.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.6.s.4|40|1|4300|alpino_lc|1933
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.2|17|1|530|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.3|21|1|2160|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.4|17|1|1380|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.5|28|1|950|alpino_lc|528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.6|14|1|280|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.7|24|1|4460|alpino_lc|2423
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.7.s.8|32|1|61490|alpino_lc|89802
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.2|25|1|1410|alpino_lc|1436
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.3|34|1|2680|alpino_lc|861
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.4|30|1|12540|alpino_lc|2636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.5|15|1|210|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.6|26|1|4390|alpino_lc|2864
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.8.s.7|15|1|1790|alpino_lc|1667
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.1|19|1|1290|alpino_lc|561
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.2|26|1|3870|alpino_lc|1849
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.3|25|1|3040|alpino_lc|1593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.5|21|1|900|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.9.s.6|26|1|1230|alpino_lc|1195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.1|39|1|14670|alpino_lc|6434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.2|33|1|42370|alpino_lc|8269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.3|34|1|2560|alpino_lc|1395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.4|17|1|780|alpino_lc|609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.5|18|1|3390|alpino_lc|1292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.10.s.6|24|1|910|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.2|25|1|360|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.3|33|1|19480|alpino_lc|3548
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.4|21|1|1210|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.5|16|1|510|alpino_lc|392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.6|14|1|3170|alpino_lc|1526
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.11.s.7|32|1|11800|alpino_lc|2857
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.12.s.1|20|1|16290|alpino_lc|12890
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.12.s.2|25|1|1830|alpino_lc|980
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.2|20|1|380|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.3|21|1|530|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.4|16|1|670|alpino_lc|531
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.5|28|1|2390|alpino_lc|866
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.13.s.6|30|1|890|alpino_lc|597
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.14.s.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.14.s.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.14.s.3|29|1|13030|alpino_lc|5041
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.14.s.4|20|1|3200|alpino_lc|1518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.14.s.5|32|1|3630|alpino_lc|986
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.15.s.1|24|1|4190|alpino_lc|3150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.15.s.2|16|1|2570|alpino_lc|1616
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.15.s.3|35|1|1720|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.15.s.4|24|1|10680|alpino_lc|6464
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.16.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.16.s.2|28|1|6580|alpino_lc|7570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.16.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.16.s.4|26|1|3460|alpino_lc|3361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.16.s.5|55|1|95860|alpino_lc|92815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.17.s.1|22|1|13050|alpino_lc|4676
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.17.s.2|37|1|22340|alpino_lc|16312
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.17.s.3|43|1|13640|alpino_lc|2632
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.18.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.18.s.2|28|1|23260|alpino_lc|6067
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.18.s.3|26|1|5560|alpino_lc|1867
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.18.s.4|22|1|390|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.18.s.5|38|1|2960|alpino_lc|1297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.19.s.1|21|1|280|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.19.s.2|13|1|410|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.19.s.3|27|1|910|alpino_lc|398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.19.s.4|13|1|480|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.20.s.1|24|1|2410|alpino_lc|686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.20.s.2|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|1532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.20.s.3|23|1|920|alpino_lc|900
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.20.s.4|38|1|10350|alpino_lc|2925
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.20.s.5|30|1|2350|alpino_lc|1524
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.1|25|1|21970|alpino_lc|4951
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.3|18|1|7650|alpino_lc|3957
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.4|42|1|65920|alpino_lc|34174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.5|15|1|410|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.6|11|1|840|alpino_lc|934
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.21.s.7|12|1|600|alpino_lc|451
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.22.s.1|25|1|1210|alpino_lc|827
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.22.s.2|44|1|17680|alpino_lc|5430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.1|21|1|2630|alpino_lc|2901
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.2|18|1|2980|alpino_lc|1516
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.3|12|1|630|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.4|17|1|280|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.5|12|1|690|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.6|21|1|620|alpino_lc|456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.7|17|1|750|alpino_lc|755
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.23.s.8|39|1|960|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.2|14|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.3|16|1|470|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.4|31|1|5190|alpino_lc|1502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.5|17|1|820|alpino_lc|1296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.6|16|1|530|alpino_lc|379
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000123.p.24.s.7|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|676
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.1.s.1|12|1|500|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.1.s.2|14|1|1890|alpino_lc|1122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.1.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.2|15|1|560|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.3|30|1|5900|alpino_lc|4126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.4|11|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.5|16|1|600|alpino_lc|786
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.6|27|1|1550|alpino_lc|506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.2.s.7|15|1|2670|alpino_lc|3281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.3.s.1|34|1|5840|alpino_lc|3763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.4.s.1|20|1|1750|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.4.s.2|33|1|8730|alpino_lc|3618
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.4.s.3|45|1|14180|alpino_lc|24401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.5.s.1|19|1|980|alpino_lc|1590
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.5.s.2|32|1|2150|alpino_lc|1415
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.5.s.3|34|1|580|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|407
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.2|29|1|2820|alpino_lc|1386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.3|23|1|1870|alpino_lc|1604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.4|27|1|460|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.5|24|1|690|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.6|28|1|4300|alpino_lc|2949
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.7|9|1|370|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.6.s.8|8|1|80|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.7.s.1|23|1|500|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.7.s.2|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.7.s.3|37|1|17150|alpino_lc|14934
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.7.s.4|17|1|210|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.7.s.5|24|1|660|alpino_lc|748
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.8.s.1|20|1|990|alpino_lc|1355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.8.s.2|23|1|8850|alpino_lc|3645
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.8.s.3|15|1|960|alpino_lc|789
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.8.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.8.s.5|32|1|900|alpino_lc|491
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.9.s.1|30|1|5280|alpino_lc|2310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.9.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.9.s.3|36|1|2410|alpino_lc|991
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.9.s.4|18|1|240|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.10.s.1|40|1|1380|alpino_lc|1284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.10.s.2|27|1|1170|alpino_lc|1260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.10.s.3|13|1|380|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.10.s.4|8|1|610|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.1|26|1|3450|alpino_lc|2811
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.2|32|1|4870|alpino_lc|900
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.3|28|1|4980|alpino_lc|1109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.4|20|1|1310|alpino_lc|1113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.5|19|1|1380|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.11.s.6|19|1|1230|alpino_lc|566
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.12.s.1|58|1|19960|alpino_lc|4381
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.12.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|311
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.12.s.3|16|1|360|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.12.s.4|18|1|700|alpino_lc|703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.12.s.5|12|1|600|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.13.s.1|21|1|830|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.13.s.2|31|1|8550|alpino_lc|5526
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.13.s.3|67|1|35530|alpino_lc|12347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.13.s.4|12|1|200|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.13.s.5|21|1|37730|alpino_lc|19760
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.14.s.1|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.14.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.14.s.3|15|1|550|alpino_lc|533
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.14.s.4|26|1|1110|alpino_lc|620
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000124.p.14.s.5|11|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.1.s.1|12|1|680|alpino_lc|655
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.1.s.2|9|1|350|alpino_lc|538
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.1.s.3|8|1|200|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.4|11|1|1040|alpino_lc|746
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.5|43|1|3190|alpino_lc|2790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.2.s.6|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|736
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.3.s.1|17|1|510|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.3.s.2|20|1|2110|alpino_lc|507
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.3.s.3|36|1|8360|alpino_lc|5098
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.3.s.4|23|1|460|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.3.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.4.s.1|18|1|350|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.4.s.2|23|1|17990|alpino_lc|16077
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.4.s.3|26|1|25630|alpino_lc|20082
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.4.s.4|23|1|2960|alpino_lc|1821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.1|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.2|20|1|440|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.3|20|1|1090|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.4|32|1|1900|alpino_lc|939
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.5|14|1|240|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.5.s.6|36|1|30830|alpino_lc|26958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.6.s.1|28|1|1240|alpino_lc|618
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.6.s.2|24|1|3030|alpino_lc|1662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.6.s.3|15|1|430|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.6.s.4|31|1|5100|alpino_lc|8005
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.7.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.7.s.2|18|1|550|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.7.s.3|35|1|680|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.7.s.4|9|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.8.s.1|47|1|10670|alpino_lc|5759
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.8.s.2|18|1|280|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.2|22|1|510|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.4|32|1|3750|alpino_lc|2066
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.5|7|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.9.s.6|24|1|940|alpino_lc|644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.10.s.1|15|1|730|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.10.s.2|22|1|9300|alpino_lc|7683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.10.s.3|14|1|740|alpino_lc|821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.10.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000125.p.10.s.5|8|1|200|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.1.s.1|17|1|4660|alpino_lc|2920
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.2.s.1|55|1|61660|alpino_lc|7829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.2.s.2|51|1|5070|alpino_lc|3201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.2.s.3|29|1|4280|alpino_lc|2494
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.2.s.4|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.2.s.5|15|1|230|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.3.s.1|70|1|14860|alpino_lc|12283
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.4.s.1|26|1|4090|alpino_lc|1411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.4.s.2|28|1|1770|alpino_lc|923
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.4.s.3|39|1|1630|alpino_lc|435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.4.s.4|10|1|290|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.4.s.5|36|1|8450|alpino_lc|7730
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.5.s.1|51|1|18300|alpino_lc|16106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.5.s.2|30|1|2140|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.5.s.3|20|1|2620|alpino_lc|1172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.5.s.4|37|1|7730|alpino_lc|4157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.6.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.6.s.2|36|1|2100|alpino_lc|1230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.6.s.3|32|1|1560|alpino_lc|703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.6.s.4|43|1|8720|alpino_lc|1396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.7.s.1|52|1|26770|alpino_lc|16274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.7.s.2|47|1|21110|alpino_lc|9246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.7.s.3|35|1|13780|alpino_lc|4250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.8.s.1|34|1|29250|alpino_lc|22035
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.8.s.2|43|1|8280|alpino_lc|4744
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.8.s.3|46|1|9810|alpino_lc|6764
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.9.s.1|53|1|21240|alpino_lc|9110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.9.s.2|39|1|21080|alpino_lc|2733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.10.s.1|34|1|7660|alpino_lc|6019
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.10.s.2|24|1|1020|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.10.s.3|25|1|3050|alpino_lc|1434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.11.s.1|69|1|29000|alpino_lc|8901
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.11.s.2|21|1|450|alpino_lc|223
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.11.s.3|8|1|280|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.11.s.4|26|1|490|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.12.s.1|22|1|3670|alpino_lc|1375
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.12.s.2|30|1|3940|alpino_lc|3003
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.12.s.3|36|1|14980|alpino_lc|10967
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.12.s.4|60|1|39920|alpino_lc|17273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.1|19|1|970|alpino_lc|1124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.2|34|1|27810|alpino_lc|6336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.3|4|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.4|16|1|690|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.5|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.6|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.7|53|1|23620|alpino_lc|9811
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000126.p.13.s.8|25|1|1840|alpino_lc|935
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.1.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.1.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.1.s.3|29|1|9520|alpino_lc|1000
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.2.s.1|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|1703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.2.s.2|21|1|520|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.2.s.3|22|1|2330|alpino_lc|492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.3.s.1|27|1|7830|alpino_lc|5256
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.3.s.2|35|1|2580|alpino_lc|1771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.4.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.4.s.2|27|1|2900|alpino_lc|820
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000127.p.5.s.1|15|1|780|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.1.s.1|16|1|880|alpino_lc|865
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.1.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.1.s.3|29|1|1430|alpino_lc|724
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.1.s.4|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.2.s.1|48|1|7270|alpino_lc|984
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.2.s.2|21|1|990|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.3.s.1|29|1|1170|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.3.s.2|19|1|330|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.4.s.1|27|1|980|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.5.s.1|18|1|2190|alpino_lc|1829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000128.p.5.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.1.s.1|23|1|1160|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.1.s.2|15|1|230|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.1.s.3|18|1|920|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.2.s.1|20|1|870|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.2.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.3.s.1|31|1|8600|alpino_lc|4869
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.3.s.2|23|1|890|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.4.s.1|16|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.4.s.2|13|1|440|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.4.s.3|23|1|18490|alpino_lc|6801
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.4.s.4|29|1|8060|alpino_lc|2055
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.5.s.1|29|1|5780|alpino_lc|2956
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000129.p.5.s.2|24|1|27670|alpino_lc|9934
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.1.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.1.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.1.s.3|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.1.s.4|9|1|420|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.2.s.1|39|1|10420|alpino_lc|3657
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.3.s.1|34|1|2470|alpino_lc|893
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.3.s.2|30|1|14420|alpino_lc|7072
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.4.s.1|26|1|1760|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.4.s.2|34|1|2510|alpino_lc|1003
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.5.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.5.s.2|18|1|1470|alpino_lc|1243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000130.p.5.s.3|29|1|2640|alpino_lc|1113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.1.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.1.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.1.s.3|9|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.1.s.4|33|1|2880|alpino_lc|1216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.2.s.1|20|1|760|alpino_lc|556
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.2.s.2|34|1|1450|alpino_lc|919
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.2.s.3|25|1|1010|alpino_lc|810
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.3.s.1|35|1|2410|alpino_lc|1846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.3.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.4.s.1|25|1|2190|alpino_lc|2178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.4.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.4.s.3|14|1|390|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000131.p.4.s.4|11|1|470|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000132.p.1.s.1|26|1|13280|alpino_lc|4332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000132.p.1.s.2|18|1|710|alpino_lc|568
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000132.p.1.s.3|29|1|10060|alpino_lc|1085
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000132.p.1.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.1.s.1|36|1|1880|alpino_lc|989
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.1.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.1.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.1.s.4|15|1|410|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.2.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.2.s.2|19|1|7230|alpino_lc|2786
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.3.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.3.s.2|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.3.s.3|34|1|1890|alpino_lc|1940
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000133.p.4.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000134.p.1.s.1|18|1|410|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000134.p.1.s.2|7|1|350|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000134.p.1.s.3|35|1|7030|alpino_lc|2005
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000134.p.1.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000134.p.1.s.5|17|1|2700|alpino_lc|2576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.1|30|1|4780|alpino_lc|1307
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.2|25|1|410|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.3|14|1|590|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.4|35|1|6580|alpino_lc|9537
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.5|10|1|360|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.1.s.6|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|713
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.2.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.2.s.2|15|1|510|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.2.s.3|18|1|8590|alpino_lc|6334
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000135.p.2.s.4|13|1|3270|alpino_lc|1501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.1|38|1|6740|alpino_lc|3364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.2|14|1|970|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.3|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|940
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.4|24|1|690|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.5|12|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.1.s.6|13|1|260|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.2.s.1|20|1|410|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000136.p.2.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000137.p.1.s.1|38|1|15310|alpino_lc|10231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000137.p.1.s.2|11|1|3110|alpino_lc|3694
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000137.p.1.s.3|38|1|6840|alpino_lc|3706
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000137.p.1.s.4|17|1|2220|alpino_lc|1694
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000137.p.1.s.5|28|1|31360|alpino_lc|3644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.1.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.1.s.2|16|1|970|alpino_lc|1065
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.1.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.1.s.4|18|1|180|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.2.s.1|27|1|3770|alpino_lc|1610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.2.s.2|20|1|2950|alpino_lc|777
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000138.p.2.s.3|24|1|630|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.1.s.1|20|1|800|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.1.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.2.s.1|42|1|19410|alpino_lc|7798
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.2.s.2|54|1|26040|alpino_lc|10108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.3|19|1|700|alpino_lc|507
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.4|14|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.5|16|1|5280|alpino_lc|5836
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.3.s.6|14|1|370|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.4.s.1|26|1|9960|alpino_lc|6444
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.4.s.2|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.4.s.3|24|1|1310|alpino_lc|987
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.5.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.5.s.2|31|1|5340|alpino_lc|4102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.5.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.5.s.4|14|1|590|alpino_lc|417
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.6.s.1|35|1|21990|alpino_lc|6266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.6.s.2|31|1|1170|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.6.s.3|19|1|7170|alpino_lc|3966
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.7.s.1|12|1|500|alpino_lc|479
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.7.s.2|14|1|240|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.8.s.1|9|1|1110|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.8.s.2|28|1|910|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.8.s.3|14|1|320|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.8.s.4|21|1|510|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.8.s.5|19|1|530|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.9.s.1|8|1|160|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.9.s.2|29|1|3260|alpino_lc|2217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.9.s.3|25|1|3560|alpino_lc|1526
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.9.s.4|15|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.10.s.1|45|1|10490|alpino_lc|3343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.11.s.1|17|1|1680|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.11.s.2|25|1|1280|alpino_lc|451
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.11.s.3|55|1|20410|alpino_lc|3279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.11.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.12.s.1|25|1|530|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.12.s.2|36|1|2590|alpino_lc|2251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.12.s.3|36|1|30290|alpino_lc|4255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.12.s.4|12|1|280|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.2|44|1|25990|alpino_lc|20519
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.3|12|1|270|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.5|21|1|3060|alpino_lc|1981
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.13.s.6|15|1|310|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.14.s.1|27|1|1020|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.14.s.2|29|1|1630|alpino_lc|1639
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.15.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.15.s.2|52|1|7100|alpino_lc|1028
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.15.s.3|27|1|1600|alpino_lc|1292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.16.s.1|23|1|730|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.16.s.2|49|1|3210|alpino_lc|1212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.17.s.1|21|1|3910|alpino_lc|3448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.17.s.2|14|1|340|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.18.s.1|38|1|16910|alpino_lc|8931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.18.s.2|12|1|2590|alpino_lc|661
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.18.s.3|25|1|2170|alpino_lc|2257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.19.s.1|31|1|1590|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.19.s.2|19|1|380|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.19.s.3|29|1|660|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.20.s.1|38|1|3330|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.20.s.2|27|1|19270|alpino_lc|2795
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.20.s.3|12|1|200|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.20.s.4|22|1|450|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.21.s.1|40|1|4600|alpino_lc|1975
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.21.s.2|33|1|8790|alpino_lc|2108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.21.s.3|30|1|5970|alpino_lc|1208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.22.s.1|16|1|4580|alpino_lc|4149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.22.s.2|39|1|12510|alpino_lc|6846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.22.s.3|33|1|6130|alpino_lc|918
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.23.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.23.s.2|30|1|4100|alpino_lc|4070
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.24.s.1|20|1|550|alpino_lc|447
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.24.s.2|13|1|610|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.24.s.3|19|1|410|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.25.s.1|16|1|1330|alpino_lc|2131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.25.s.2|22|1|790|alpino_lc|593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.25.s.3|10|1|60|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.26.s.1|33|1|9120|alpino_lc|13777
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.26.s.2|28|1|1550|alpino_lc|639
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.26.s.3|29|1|590|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.26.s.4|18|1|460|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.27.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.27.s.2|25|1|1410|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.27.s.3|15|1|1780|alpino_lc|1140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.28.s.1|46|1|70680|alpino_lc|61008
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.28.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.28.s.3|13|1|460|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.28.s.4|11|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.29.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.29.s.2|18|1|3150|alpino_lc|990
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000139.p.29.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.1.s.1|19|1|630|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.1.s.2|12|1|1050|alpino_lc|875
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.1.s.3|18|1|730|alpino_lc|1090
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.2.s.1|24|1|700|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.2.s.2|20|1|3130|alpino_lc|1314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.3.s.1|22|1|1460|alpino_lc|1269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.3.s.2|10|1|970|alpino_lc|966
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.3.s.3|38|1|1570|alpino_lc|654
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.4.s.1|20|1|880|alpino_lc|599
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000140.p.4.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.1.s.1|17|1|250|alpino_lc|157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.1.s.2|25|1|3040|alpino_lc|1996
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.1.s.3|19|1|3270|alpino_lc|3366
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.1.s.4|9|1|210|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.2.s.1|20|1|1270|alpino_lc|962
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.2.s.2|15|1|480|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.2.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000141.p.3.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.1.s.1|23|1|3110|alpino_lc|1863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.1.s.2|7|1|140|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.2.s.1|20|1|440|alpino_lc|272
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.2.s.2|31|1|29020|alpino_lc|22320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.3.s.1|19|1|7640|alpino_lc|2814
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.3.s.2|36|1|1140|alpino_lc|621
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.3.s.3|10|1|290|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.3.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000142.p.4.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000143.p.1.s.1|20|1|2160|alpino_lc|1850
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000143.p.1.s.2|34|1|9260|alpino_lc|2596
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000143.p.1.s.3|21|1|650|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000143.p.2.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.1.s.1|23|1|480|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.1.s.2|10|1|720|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.1.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.2.s.1|8|1|340|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.2.s.2|23|1|2740|alpino_lc|754
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.2.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.2.s.4|16|1|930|alpino_lc|405
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.2.s.5|9|1|740|alpino_lc|770
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.3.s.1|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|804
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000144.p.3.s.2|52|1|37760|alpino_lc|3792
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.1.s.1|26|1|5520|alpino_lc|2435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.1.s.2|22|1|2640|alpino_lc|967
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.1.s.3|21|1|490|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.1.s.4|20|1|600|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.1.s.5|9|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000145.p.2.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.1.s.1|28|1|1920|alpino_lc|1241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.2.s.1|30|1|8530|alpino_lc|2578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.2.s.2|65|1|65950|alpino_lc|14129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.3.s.1|27|1|10880|alpino_lc|6062
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.4.s.1|28|1|4260|alpino_lc|4143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.5.s.1|18|1|370|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.5.s.2|43|1|17220|alpino_lc|10638
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.5.s.3|22|1|10020|alpino_lc|6155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.6.s.1|35|1|26250|alpino_lc|21106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.6.s.2|23|1|1170|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.7.s.1|58|1|43690|alpino_lc|43784
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.2|15|1|380|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.3|24|1|1460|alpino_lc|1497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.4|15|1|2550|alpino_lc|2359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.5|9|1|360|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.8.s.6|28|1|7730|alpino_lc|1995
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.9.s.1|54|1|11530|alpino_lc|2577
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.10.s.1|34|1|3570|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.10.s.2|25|1|670|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.11.s.1|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|687
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.11.s.2|27|1|1420|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.11.s.3|22|1|4780|alpino_lc|2696
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.11.s.4|23|1|900|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.12.s.1|16|1|2720|alpino_lc|1359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.12.s.2|15|1|660|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.12.s.3|31|1|2460|alpino_lc|1740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.13.s.1|33|1|2160|alpino_lc|1262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.13.s.2|32|1|3760|alpino_lc|2501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.13.s.3|15|1|380|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.14.s.1|32|1|4090|alpino_lc|1468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.14.s.2|36|1|43080|alpino_lc|10307
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.15.s.1|23|1|7590|alpino_lc|2023
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.15.s.2|32|1|3520|alpino_lc|3418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.16.s.1|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|1404
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.16.s.2|28|1|3370|alpino_lc|568
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.16.s.3|21|1|350|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.17.s.1|23|1|1400|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.17.s.2|26|1|2710|alpino_lc|1143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.17.s.3|36|1|1940|alpino_lc|1598
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.18.s.1|20|1|2010|alpino_lc|1595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.18.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.18.s.3|19|1|580|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.18.s.4|34|1|14710|alpino_lc|3591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.18.s.5|22|1|420|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.19.s.1|18|1|3520|alpino_lc|2791
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.19.s.2|16|1|2490|alpino_lc|2398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.19.s.3|24|1|11000|alpino_lc|10882
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.19.s.4|16|1|640|alpino_lc|388
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.20.s.1|36|1|20000|alpino_lc|10954
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.20.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.20.s.3|14|1|420|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.20.s.4|21|1|570|alpino_lc|484
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.21.s.1|50|1|4530|alpino_lc|929
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.22.s.1|30|1|1130|alpino_lc|1018
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.22.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.22.s.3|8|1|340|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.22.s.4|15|1|1190|alpino_lc|542
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.1|32|1|10710|alpino_lc|7958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.2|16|1|2170|alpino_lc|1664
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.4|13|1|370|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.5|27|1|2390|alpino_lc|885
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000146.p.23.s.6|16|1|3110|alpino_lc|4084
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.1.s.1|19|1|3670|alpino_lc|3102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.1.s.2|14|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.2.s.1|37|1|2790|alpino_lc|1421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.2.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.2.s.3|25|1|820|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.2.s.4|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.2.s.5|12|1|260|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.3.s.1|32|1|920|alpino_lc|495
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.3.s.2|23|1|2130|alpino_lc|562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.3.s.3|33|1|6090|alpino_lc|1463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.3.s.4|11|1|930|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.1|17|1|1400|alpino_lc|1222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.2|21|1|1620|alpino_lc|694
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.3|22|1|1190|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.4|33|1|11710|alpino_lc|8114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.5|39|1|47880|alpino_lc|1839
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.6|30|1|8280|alpino_lc|3466
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.4.s.7|22|1|3680|alpino_lc|5851
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.5.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.5.s.2|28|1|730|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.5.s.3|22|1|1400|alpino_lc|1182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.5.s.4|36|1|6070|alpino_lc|1217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.1|20|1|830|alpino_lc|688
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.2|13|1|500|alpino_lc|656
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.3|6|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.4|25|1|820|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.5|23|1|5000|alpino_lc|5227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.6|15|1|530|alpino_lc|407
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.6.s.7|28|1|3670|alpino_lc|2094
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.7.s.1|23|1|2280|alpino_lc|3330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.7.s.2|14|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.7.s.3|16|1|270|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.7.s.4|20|1|640|alpino_lc|463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.1|34|1|4680|alpino_lc|3930
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.2|15|1|480|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.3|8|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.4|17|1|1040|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.5|15|1|360|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.6|25|1|910|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.7|26|1|1140|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.8.s.8|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.9.s.1|12|1|660|alpino_lc|532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.9.s.2|23|1|1970|alpino_lc|1082
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.9.s.3|29|1|1320|alpino_lc|1485
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.9.s.4|21|1|2560|alpino_lc|4125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.9.s.5|32|1|2920|alpino_lc|2634
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.10.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.10.s.2|10|1|810|alpino_lc|553
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.10.s.3|26|1|1720|alpino_lc|1628
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.10.s.4|26|1|1320|alpino_lc|1089
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.10.s.5|19|1|610|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.1|26|1|2200|alpino_lc|1095
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.2|38|1|1630|alpino_lc|1033
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.3|24|1|1030|alpino_lc|856
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.4|19|1|620|alpino_lc|715
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.5|19|1|1330|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.6|11|1|440|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.7|34|1|6750|alpino_lc|2510
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.11.s.8|30|1|2250|alpino_lc|1044
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.2|32|1|1000|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.3|15|1|570|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.4|29|1|1720|alpino_lc|1190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.5|20|1|270|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.6|12|1|230|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.7|27|1|1750|alpino_lc|1306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.12.s.8|9|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.13.s.1|26|1|5970|alpino_lc|4547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.13.s.2|30|1|1040|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.13.s.3|29|1|5750|alpino_lc|3386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.1|18|1|440|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.3|13|1|510|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.4|17|1|7660|alpino_lc|6021
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.5|13|1|690|alpino_lc|1114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.14.s.6|39|1|2720|alpino_lc|821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.15.s.1|23|1|550|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.15.s.2|11|1|930|alpino_lc|553
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.15.s.3|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|876
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000147.p.15.s.4|25|1|29350|alpino_lc|12640
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.1.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.1.s.2|12|1|370|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.2.s.1|23|1|1370|alpino_lc|1327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.2.s.2|31|1|4510|alpino_lc|5176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.2.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.2.s.4|30|1|2320|alpino_lc|2816
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.3.s.1|47|1|11860|alpino_lc|11711
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.3.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.3.s.3|36|1|23120|alpino_lc|9469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.3.s.4|24|1|1010|alpino_lc|851
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.4.s.1|38|1|4600|alpino_lc|3270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.4.s.2|30|1|2160|alpino_lc|1236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.5.s.1|13|1|1150|alpino_lc|1218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.5.s.2|28|1|930|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.5.s.3|18|1|350|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.5.s.4|35|1|3460|alpino_lc|3634
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.1|10|1|310|alpino_lc|419
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.2|22|1|350|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.3|8|1|130|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.4|34|1|12680|alpino_lc|2640
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.5|23|1|1590|alpino_lc|1204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.6|40|1|6350|alpino_lc|3530
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.7|16|1|530|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.6.s.8|24|1|1920|alpino_lc|2378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.7.s.1|52|1|16510|alpino_lc|9165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.7.s.2|10|1|660|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.7.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.7.s.4|49|1|4240|alpino_lc|4528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.7.s.5|16|1|300|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.8.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|223
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.8.s.2|18|1|320|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.8.s.3|30|1|6120|alpino_lc|1252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.8.s.4|16|1|480|alpino_lc|470
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.8.s.5|32|1|3520|alpino_lc|1368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.2|46|1|1700|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.5|26|1|1270|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.6|22|1|1760|alpino_lc|1170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.9.s.7|30|1|2390|alpino_lc|2117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.1|27|1|6030|alpino_lc|3160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.2|30|1|2310|alpino_lc|1770
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.3|21|1|930|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.4|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.5|22|1|1390|alpino_lc|876
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000148.p.10.s.6|15|1|3450|alpino_lc|4831
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.1.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.1.s.2|12|1|250|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.2.s.1|28|1|4200|alpino_lc|681
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.2.s.2|19|1|530|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.3.s.1|24|1|1590|alpino_lc|555
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.3.s.2|19|1|320|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.3.s.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.4.s.1|32|1|5010|alpino_lc|605
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.4.s.2|23|1|650|alpino_lc|821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.5.s.1|31|1|9690|alpino_lc|3224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000149.p.6.s.1|24|1|5470|alpino_lc|2089
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.1.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.1.s.2|29|1|1380|alpino_lc|1446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.1.s.3|12|1|1350|alpino_lc|1313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.1.s.4|20|1|1070|alpino_lc|1608
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.2.s.1|23|1|3710|alpino_lc|3411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.2.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.2.s.3|36|1|33460|alpino_lc|9636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.3.s.1|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.3.s.2|15|1|1940|alpino_lc|2758
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.4.s.1|18|1|3270|alpino_lc|3061
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.4.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.4.s.3|27|1|2000|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.5.s.1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.5.s.2|14|1|2120|alpino_lc|1299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000150.p.5.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.1.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.1.s.2|27|1|7130|alpino_lc|3301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.2.s.1|22|1|4460|alpino_lc|3857
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.2.s.2|18|1|180|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.2.s.3|22|1|510|alpino_lc|290
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.3.s.1|18|1|2040|alpino_lc|1822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.3.s.2|24|1|440|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.3.s.3|28|1|950|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.4.s.1|25|1|1240|alpino_lc|1087
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.4.s.2|24|1|610|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.5.s.1|21|1|560|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000151.p.5.s.2|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.1.s.1|28|1|5300|alpino_lc|5943
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.1.s.2|11|1|860|alpino_lc|744
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.2.s.1|40|1|8250|alpino_lc|719
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.2.s.2|18|1|670|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.3.s.1|18|1|22800|alpino_lc|27646
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.3.s.2|30|1|1050|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.3.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.4.s.1|29|1|3620|alpino_lc|1625
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.5.s.1|27|1|940|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000152.p.5.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.1.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.1.s.2|18|1|350|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.1.s.3|27|1|1440|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.2.s.1|26|1|2410|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.3.s.1|21|1|3620|alpino_lc|700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.3.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.3.s.3|23|1|1030|alpino_lc|672
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.4.s.1|38|1|78340|alpino_lc|3048
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.4.s.2|22|1|2420|alpino_lc|958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.4.s.3|15|1|330|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000153.p.5.s.1|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|1251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.1.s.1|9|1|290|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.1.s.2|28|1|12370|alpino_lc|10800
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.1.s.3|21|1|740|alpino_lc|681
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.1.s.4|33|1|34220|alpino_lc|21822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.2.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.2.s.2|30|1|5750|alpino_lc|1768
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.2.s.3|39|1|3680|alpino_lc|2672
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.3.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.3.s.2|16|1|1880|alpino_lc|1058
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.3.s.3|11|1|480|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.3.s.4|34|1|3770|alpino_lc|1391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000154.p.3.s.5|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|689
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.1.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.2.s.1|21|1|1360|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.2.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.2.s.3|26|1|2120|alpino_lc|823
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.2.s.4|30|1|9460|alpino_lc|3443
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.1|13|1|760|alpino_lc|923
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.2|14|1|280|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.3|17|1|460|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.4|15|1|400|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.5|20|1|780|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.6|8|1|250|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.7|16|1|880|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.8|21|1|1900|alpino_lc|2086
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.9|15|1|280|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.3.s.10|20|1|700|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.1|15|1|1280|alpino_lc|1276
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.2|21|1|3350|alpino_lc|2801
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.3|24|1|1230|alpino_lc|864
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.5|19|1|720|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.6|14|1|160|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.7|16|1|1430|alpino_lc|1478
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.8|21|1|880|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.4.s.9|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|621
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.1|15|1|430|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.2|41|1|19190|alpino_lc|4175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.4|14|1|250|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.5|24|1|3660|alpino_lc|3644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.6|16|1|220|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.7|18|1|740|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.8|11|1|240|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.9|6|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.10|12|1|240|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.11|27|1|9680|alpino_lc|2651
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.5.s.12|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.1|28|1|4690|alpino_lc|2594
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.2|21|1|1540|alpino_lc|829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.3|6|1|250|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.4|42|1|1350|alpino_lc|844
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.5|9|1|330|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.6.s.6|19|1|3370|alpino_lc|1629
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.7.s.1|15|1|1560|alpino_lc|1976
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.7.s.2|10|1|400|alpino_lc|586
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.7.s.3|17|1|280|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.7.s.4|18|1|840|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000155.p.7.s.5|27|1|640|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.1|34|1|21060|alpino_lc|13357
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.2|15|1|350|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.3|20|1|460|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.5|16|1|330|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.6|10|1|210|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000156.p.1.s.7|26|1|680|alpino_lc|556
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.1.s.1|25|1|2910|alpino_lc|2342
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.1.s.2|40|1|3030|alpino_lc|815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.2.s.1|19|1|1530|alpino_lc|1803
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.2.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.2.s.3|26|1|8460|alpino_lc|2763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.2.s.4|18|1|700|alpino_lc|505
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000157.p.3.s.1|6|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000158.p.1.s.1|16|1|200|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000158.p.1.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000158.p.1.s.3|22|1|560|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000158.p.1.s.4|28|1|2210|alpino_lc|1326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000158.p.1.s.5|36|1|8970|alpino_lc|6513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.1.s.1|22|1|1970|alpino_lc|1281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.1.s.2|17|1|180|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.1.s.3|25|1|7820|alpino_lc|3706
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.2.s.1|16|1|1420|alpino_lc|1061
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.2.s.2|37|1|2170|alpino_lc|3227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.3.s.1|18|1|1930|alpino_lc|1247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000159.p.3.s.2|20|1|1330|alpino_lc|943
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.1.s.1|26|1|1280|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.1.s.2|22|1|890|alpino_lc|782
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.1.s.3|22|1|460|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.2.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.3.s.1|21|1|5430|alpino_lc|4957
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.3.s.2|24|1|740|alpino_lc|394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000160.p.3.s.3|27|1|1340|alpino_lc|647
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.1.s.1|15|1|2620|alpino_lc|2367
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.1.s.2|19|1|410|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.1.s.3|37|1|21310|alpino_lc|17572
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.1.s.4|22|1|2070|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.2.s.1|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|924
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000161.p.3.s.1|26|1|8300|alpino_lc|3755
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000162.p.1.s.1|29|1|1280|alpino_lc|899
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000162.p.1.s.2|15|1|4410|alpino_lc|2320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000162.p.1.s.3|24|1|260|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000162.p.1.s.4|16|1|4570|alpino_lc|2898
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000162.p.1.s.5|25|1|4390|alpino_lc|3570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.1.s.1|22|1|1700|alpino_lc|963
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.1.s.2|41|1|24380|alpino_lc|1731
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.1.s.3|24|1|9320|alpino_lc|4115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.2.s.1|22|1|8530|alpino_lc|4951
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.3.s.1|26|1|4360|alpino_lc|2093
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.3.s.2|7|1|240|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000163.p.3.s.3|27|1|2400|alpino_lc|1368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.1.s.1|31|1|9400|alpino_lc|6317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.1.s.2|16|1|700|alpino_lc|382
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.2.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.2.s.2|18|1|1860|alpino_lc|2362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.2.s.3|18|1|830|alpino_lc|736
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.2.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.3.s.1|21|1|740|alpino_lc|708
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.3.s.2|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.4.s.1|42|1|2280|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.5.s.1|24|1|2900|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.5.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.6.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.6.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.6.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.7.s.1|29|1|1560|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.7.s.2|17|1|3020|alpino_lc|1941
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.8.s.1|35|1|4700|alpino_lc|2630
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.8.s.2|8|1|250|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.9.s.1|26|1|410|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.10.s.1|15|1|1370|alpino_lc|1132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.10.s.2|8|1|360|alpino_lc|337
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.10.s.3|26|1|7040|alpino_lc|1219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000164.p.11.s.1|26|1|470|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.1.s.1|41|1|27100|alpino_lc|27727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.1.s.2|22|1|1390|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.1.s.3|13|1|350|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.2.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.2.s.2|16|1|120|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.2.s.3|23|1|760|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.3.s.1|21|1|2830|alpino_lc|1387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.3.s.2|24|1|1560|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.3.s.3|21|1|1660|alpino_lc|589
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.3.s.4|15|1|1140|alpino_lc|926
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.3.s.5|16|1|820|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.4.s.1|21|1|540|alpino_lc|270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.4.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.5.s.1|31|1|3180|alpino_lc|1029
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.5.s.2|13|1|420|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.5.s.3|26|1|7760|alpino_lc|4179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000165.p.6.s.1|6|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000166.p.1.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000166.p.1.s.2|23|1|2470|alpino_lc|1714
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000166.p.1.s.3|17|1|610|alpino_lc|444
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000166.p.1.s.4|11|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000166.p.1.s.5|11|1|320|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.1.s.1|21|1|460|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.1.s.2|20|1|4240|alpino_lc|2985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.1.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.1.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.2.s.1|21|1|2430|alpino_lc|3030
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.2.s.2|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|1028
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.2.s.3|12|1|690|alpino_lc|448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000167.p.2.s.4|14|1|450|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.1.s.1|26|1|4640|alpino_lc|1305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.2.s.1|28|1|1470|alpino_lc|1833
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.2.s.2|16|1|190|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.3.s.1|25|1|570|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.3.s.2|31|1|4990|alpino_lc|1673
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000168.p.4.s.1|23|1|850|alpino_lc|669
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.1.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.1.s.2|18|1|930|alpino_lc|959
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.1.s.3|17|1|320|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.1.s.4|19|1|700|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.1.s.5|23|1|720|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.2.s.1|36|1|3550|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.2.s.2|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|774
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.2.s.3|12|1|760|alpino_lc|562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.3.s.1|22|1|1050|alpino_lc|484
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000169.p.3.s.2|15|1|790|alpino_lc|644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.1.s.1|23|1|4100|alpino_lc|1702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.1.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.1.s.3|46|1|12670|alpino_lc|4564
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.2.s.1|43|1|62280|alpino_lc|7803
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.2.s.2|21|1|620|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000170.p.2.s.3|29|1|12360|alpino_lc|3940
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.1.s.1|26|1|2040|alpino_lc|1168
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.1.s.2|21|1|620|alpino_lc|1081
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.2.s.1|35|1|4730|alpino_lc|2514
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.2.s.2|28|1|640|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.2.s.3|9|1|900|alpino_lc|445
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.3.s.1|20|1|1420|alpino_lc|607
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.3.s.2|27|1|940|alpino_lc|369
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000171.p.4.s.1|30|1|8770|alpino_lc|8832
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.1.s.1|19|1|1640|alpino_lc|921
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.2.s.1|35|1|4990|alpino_lc|979
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.2.s.2|44|1|1990|alpino_lc|1977
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.2.s.3|30|1|2750|alpino_lc|1771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.2.s.4|39|1|6280|alpino_lc|3699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.2|31|1|10860|alpino_lc|9845
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.3|11|1|260|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.4|18|1|320|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.6|16|1|3060|alpino_lc|953
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.8|32|1|5020|alpino_lc|640
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.9|45|1|1440|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.10|34|1|2250|alpino_lc|2418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.3.s.11|19|1|400|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.4.s.1|6|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.4.s.2|34|1|36000|alpino_lc|22025
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.4.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.5.s.1|27|1|6140|alpino_lc|7899
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.5.s.2|40|1|16650|alpino_lc|10142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.5.s.3|9|1|190|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.5.s.4|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|1606
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.5.s.5|18|1|900|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.1|27|1|1230|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.3|7|1|210|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.5|15|1|470|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.6.s.6|26|1|2720|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.7.s.1|21|1|6880|alpino_lc|3515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.7.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.7.s.3|45|1|17600|alpino_lc|4715
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.8.s.1|42|1|21450|alpino_lc|1187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.8.s.2|18|1|6730|alpino_lc|4855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.8.s.3|9|1|490|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.8.s.4|31|1|7470|alpino_lc|1414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.9.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.9.s.2|25|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.9.s.3|10|1|300|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.9.s.4|10|1|200|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000172.p.9.s.5|12|1|350|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.1|30|1|890|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.3|21|1|6290|alpino_lc|2468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.4|22|1|640|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.5|26|1|1430|alpino_lc|685
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.6|20|1|2580|alpino_lc|1389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.1.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.2.s.1|15|1|910|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.3.s.1|38|1|1830|alpino_lc|739
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.3.s.2|16|1|620|alpino_lc|761
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.3.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.1|23|1|7070|alpino_lc|2127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.2|15|1|220|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.3|19|1|1060|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.4|9|1|350|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.5|3|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.6|18|1|490|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.4.s.7|33|1|4100|alpino_lc|1773
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.5.s.1|31|1|1500|alpino_lc|514
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.5.s.2|56|1|17790|alpino_lc|8023
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.6.s.1|26|1|700|alpino_lc|487
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.6.s.2|28|1|18000|alpino_lc|3209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.6.s.3|29|1|1220|alpino_lc|1544
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.1|25|1|1640|alpino_lc|854
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.2|16|1|220|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.3|20|1|940|alpino_lc|586
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.4|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.5|22|1|310|alpino_lc|371
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000173.p.7.s.6|11|1|240|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.1.s.1|11|1|560|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.1.s.2|17|1|320|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.2.s.1|10|1|530|alpino_lc|546
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.2.s.2|22|1|4700|alpino_lc|2981
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.2.s.3|29|1|5760|alpino_lc|2839
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.2.s.4|21|1|3670|alpino_lc|3650
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.3.s.1|38|1|45810|alpino_lc|4008
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.3.s.2|17|1|8750|alpino_lc|7739
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.3.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.4.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.4.s.2|33|1|12790|alpino_lc|5140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.4.s.3|39|1|1850|alpino_lc|813
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.1|31|1|870|alpino_lc|1342
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.4|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.5|28|1|580|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.6|23|1|7010|alpino_lc|4843
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.5.s.7|18|1|1170|alpino_lc|1156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.6.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.6.s.2|12|1|700|alpino_lc|797
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.6.s.3|21|1|1230|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.6.s.4|33|1|3380|alpino_lc|4528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.7.s.1|38|1|15520|alpino_lc|11463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.7.s.2|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|1723
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.7.s.3|18|1|470|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.1|20|1|650|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.2|21|1|1250|alpino_lc|740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.4|22|1|590|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.5|13|1|330|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.6|12|1|340|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.7|11|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.8.s.8|21|1|940|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.2|13|1|860|alpino_lc|770
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.3|15|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.4|23|1|11050|alpino_lc|7491
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.5|23|1|1410|alpino_lc|595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.9.s.6|17|1|260|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.10.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.10.s.2|15|1|220|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.10.s.3|18|1|220|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.10.s.4|13|1|980|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000174.p.10.s.5|14|1|310|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.1.s.1|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.1.s.2|32|1|2860|alpino_lc|1915
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.2.s.1|21|1|16760|alpino_lc|9815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.2.s.2|23|1|6950|alpino_lc|6320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.3.s.1|20|1|5400|alpino_lc|1631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.3.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.4.s.1|33|1|5590|alpino_lc|647
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.4.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.4.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.5.s.1|15|1|890|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.6.s.1|16|1|980|alpino_lc|474
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000175.p.6.s.2|13|1|200|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.1.s.1|25|1|10060|alpino_lc|6818
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.1.s.2|13|1|340|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.1.s.3|17|1|650|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.2.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.2.s.2|32|1|1560|alpino_lc|350
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.2.s.3|12|1|850|alpino_lc|996
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.3.s.1|39|1|19360|alpino_lc|21927
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.3.s.2|14|1|570|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.3.s.3|13|1|1410|alpino_lc|1914
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.4.s.1|23|1|3700|alpino_lc|3251
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.5.s.1|16|1|1120|alpino_lc|1609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.5.s.2|18|1|2500|alpino_lc|620
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000176.p.6.s.1|22|1|430|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.1.s.1|29|1|4260|alpino_lc|2446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.1.s.2|16|1|790|alpino_lc|582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.2.s.1|28|1|1050|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.2.s.2|36|1|7170|alpino_lc|5293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.3.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.3.s.2|17|1|200|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.3.s.3|15|1|480|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.4.s.1|39|1|62000|alpino_lc|21411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.4.s.2|15|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.4.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000177.p.5.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.1.s.1|15|1|900|alpino_lc|1278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.2.s.1|40|1|12290|alpino_lc|2985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.3.s.1|25|1|1600|alpino_lc|834
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.3.s.2|18|1|450|alpino_lc|514
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.4.s.1|18|1|1870|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.4.s.2|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|1072
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.4.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.5.s.1|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.5.s.2|27|1|1350|alpino_lc|997
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.6.s.1|26|1|2370|alpino_lc|3493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.7.s.1|13|1|400|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.7.s.2|27|1|1410|alpino_lc|449
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000178.p.8.s.1|17|1|1280|alpino_lc|1215
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.1.s.1|24|1|1340|alpino_lc|839
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.1.s.2|29|1|22730|alpino_lc|11616
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.2.s.1|18|1|1340|alpino_lc|777
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.2.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.3.s.1|16|1|450|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.3.s.2|16|1|380|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.3.s.3|17|1|240|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.3.s.4|11|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.4.s.1|34|1|2190|alpino_lc|930
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.5.s.1|19|1|490|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.5.s.2|16|1|2230|alpino_lc|1220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.6.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000179.p.6.s.2|16|1|600|alpino_lc|593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.1.s.1|14|1|1520|alpino_lc|1868
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.1.s.2|40|1|13220|alpino_lc|27652
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.1.s.3|26|1|16670|alpino_lc|4080
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.2.s.1|38|1|8900|alpino_lc|1985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.2.s.2|34|1|980|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.2.s.3|24|1|510|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.3.s.1|42|1|3400|alpino_lc|1965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.3.s.2|25|1|3050|alpino_lc|2563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000180.p.3.s.3|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.1.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.1.s.2|18|1|430|alpino_lc|367
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.1|17|1|430|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.2|42|1|10030|alpino_lc|5098
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.3|27|1|9660|alpino_lc|3507
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.5|29|1|6940|alpino_lc|604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.2.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.3.s.1|13|1|400|alpino_lc|270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.3.s.2|20|1|660|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.3.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.3.s.4|33|1|1930|alpino_lc|1207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.3.s.5|18|1|330|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.3|22|1|1550|alpino_lc|1774
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.6|12|1|300|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.7|9|1|530|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.8|19|1|940|alpino_lc|281
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.9|32|1|1970|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.4.s.10|18|1|860|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.1|36|1|16660|alpino_lc|2190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.2|32|1|1580|alpino_lc|1133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.3|27|1|8650|alpino_lc|5214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.4|49|1|27650|alpino_lc|5631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.5|21|1|350|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.6|14|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.7|14|1|800|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.5.s.8|18|1|430|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.6.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.6.s.2|19|1|330|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.7.s.1|21|1|880|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.7.s.2|22|1|1150|alpino_lc|514
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.7.s.3|48|1|3630|alpino_lc|1961
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.7.s.4|10|1|110|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000181.p.7.s.5|24|1|300|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.1.s.1|20|1|300|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.1.s.2|12|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.1|30|1|550|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.2|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|1753
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.3|13|1|300|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.4|14|1|320|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.5|18|1|520|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.2.s.6|10|1|160|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.3.s.1|47|1|42460|alpino_lc|12434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.3.s.2|20|1|340|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.4.s.1|31|1|9510|alpino_lc|7394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.4.s.2|35|1|12850|alpino_lc|1568
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.4.s.3|14|1|390|alpino_lc|231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.5.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.5.s.2|43|1|92990|alpino_lc|62252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.5.s.3|16|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.5.s.4|33|1|600|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.6.s.1|23|1|1300|alpino_lc|463
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.7.s.1|24|1|640|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.7.s.2|25|1|11730|alpino_lc|3227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.7.s.3|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.7.s.4|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.8.s.1|17|1|280|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.8.s.2|25|1|1650|alpino_lc|2312
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.8.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.8.s.4|15|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.1|6|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.2|26|1|2030|alpino_lc|1231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.3|9|1|280|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.4|21|1|2810|alpino_lc|2343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.5|20|1|670|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.6|29|1|7380|alpino_lc|6576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.7|11|1|240|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.9.s.8|8|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.10.s.1|57|1|45800|alpino_lc|3546
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.10.s.2|11|1|540|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.11.s.1|49|1|18200|alpino_lc|18466
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.11.s.2|55|1|25650|alpino_lc|3313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.12.s.1|55|1|10680|alpino_lc|1723
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.12.s.2|22|1|4400|alpino_lc|2711
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.13.s.1|42|1|33940|alpino_lc|3448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.14.s.1|32|1|6160|alpino_lc|890
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.14.s.2|22|1|8650|alpino_lc|4020
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.14.s.3|13|1|540|alpino_lc|748
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.15.s.1|43|1|29730|alpino_lc|15737
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.15.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.16.s.1|47|1|4060|alpino_lc|869
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.16.s.2|26|1|3160|alpino_lc|1526
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.17.s.1|30|1|8960|alpino_lc|2562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.17.s.2|33|1|14520|alpino_lc|5027
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.17.s.3|29|1|2530|alpino_lc|2275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.18.s.1|33|1|6820|alpino_lc|4395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.18.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.18.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.19.s.1|39|1|7320|alpino_lc|2693
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.19.s.2|14|1|1730|alpino_lc|2303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.19.s.3|17|1|780|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.19.s.4|23|1|900|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.20.s.1|35|1|1190|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.20.s.2|46|1|37060|alpino_lc|20354
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.20.s.3|32|1|13520|alpino_lc|13762
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.20.s.4|27|1|500|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.1|22|1|610|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.2|19|1|740|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.4|46|1|25310|alpino_lc|12824
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.5|20|1|1840|alpino_lc|1322
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.21.s.6|6|1|210|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.22.s.1|17|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.22.s.2|21|1|2300|alpino_lc|960
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.22.s.3|50|1|9150|alpino_lc|5171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.22.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.22.s.5|23|1|3930|alpino_lc|1821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.23.s.1|77|1|67410|alpino_lc|16609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.23.s.2|6|1|470|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.23.s.3|18|1|2780|alpino_lc|1030
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.24.s.1|33|1|1360|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.24.s.2|19|1|540|alpino_lc|645
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.24.s.3|16|1|240|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.24.s.4|11|1|1520|alpino_lc|1094
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.24.s.5|12|1|240|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.25.s.1|42|1|13170|alpino_lc|6379
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.25.s.2|9|1|450|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.25.s.3|31|1|12780|alpino_lc|5027
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.26.s.1|22|1|5720|alpino_lc|1747
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.26.s.2|37|1|19820|alpino_lc|2732
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.26.s.3|31|1|970|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.27.s.1|19|1|2210|alpino_lc|892
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.27.s.2|49|1|3700|alpino_lc|600
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.27.s.3|25|1|24710|alpino_lc|15421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.27.s.4|9|1|330|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000182.p.27.s.5|20|1|2780|alpino_lc|2398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.1.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.1.s.2|14|1|750|alpino_lc|869
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.1.s.3|13|1|330|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.1|16|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.2|33|1|7290|alpino_lc|5825
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.3|10|1|430|alpino_lc|298
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.4|49|1|13350|alpino_lc|3310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.5|23|1|570|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.2.s.6|13|1|5310|alpino_lc|4693
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.3.s.2|20|1|840|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.3.s.3|29|1|3160|alpino_lc|964
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.3.s.4|43|1|16160|alpino_lc|6879
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.3.s.5|14|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.4.s.1|16|1|350|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.4.s.2|26|1|3010|alpino_lc|3635
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.4.s.3|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|1006
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.4.s.4|50|1|79090|alpino_lc|29592
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.1|23|1|2320|alpino_lc|925
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.2|13|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.3|25|1|4160|alpino_lc|1096
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.4|8|1|210|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.5|31|1|730|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.6|14|1|620|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.7|18|1|490|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.5.s.8|20|1|710|alpino_lc|547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.6.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.6.s.2|68|1|4700|alpino_lc|1636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.7.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.7.s.2|19|1|460|alpino_lc|157
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.8.s.1|26|1|3110|alpino_lc|950
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.8.s.2|24|1|1210|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.8.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.9.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.9.s.2|20|1|620|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.1|18|1|3920|alpino_lc|3968
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.3|45|1|5650|alpino_lc|1052
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.4|21|1|2760|alpino_lc|3037
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.5|17|1|4680|alpino_lc|2300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.6|10|1|170|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.7|25|1|1030|alpino_lc|396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.10.s.8|19|1|890|alpino_lc|398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.1|23|1|3750|alpino_lc|1336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.2|18|1|260|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.4|23|1|730|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.5|21|1|2240|alpino_lc|964
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.6|33|1|7510|alpino_lc|6658
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.11.s.7|12|1|610|alpino_lc|377
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.12.s.1|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.12.s.2|45|1|22170|alpino_lc|12675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.13.s.1|19|1|5590|alpino_lc|2935
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.13.s.2|19|1|2630|alpino_lc|2985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.13.s.3|24|1|14820|alpino_lc|8314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.13.s.4|37|1|11390|alpino_lc|5107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.13.s.5|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.14.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.14.s.2|32|1|690|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.14.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.15.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.15.s.2|31|1|1100|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.16.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000183.p.16.s.2|17|1|450|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.1.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.1.s.2|14|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.1.s.3|23|1|9280|alpino_lc|9605
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.1.s.4|26|1|980|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.1|19|1|360|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.3|31|1|1890|alpino_lc|1004
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.4|18|1|840|alpino_lc|478
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.5|16|1|550|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.2.s.6|24|1|630|alpino_lc|377
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.3.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.3.s.2|24|1|1090|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.3.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.3.s.4|15|1|620|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.4.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.4.s.2|39|1|4930|alpino_lc|1153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.4.s.3|18|1|2770|alpino_lc|1313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.4.s.4|9|1|270|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.5.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.5.s.2|34|1|3740|alpino_lc|1654
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.5.s.3|36|1|66780|alpino_lc|49139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.5.s.4|16|1|2700|alpino_lc|4666
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.6.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.6.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.6.s.3|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|825
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.6.s.4|27|1|470|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.1|15|1|350|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.2|25|1|5310|alpino_lc|851
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.3|4|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.4|20|1|4420|alpino_lc|2533
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.5|18|1|280|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.7.s.6|11|1|440|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.8.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.8.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.8.s.3|21|1|1450|alpino_lc|897
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.8.s.4|24|1|1720|alpino_lc|1687
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.8.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.9.s.1|28|1|2700|alpino_lc|1596
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.9.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.9.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.10.s.1|35|1|6720|alpino_lc|3557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.10.s.2|18|1|1300|alpino_lc|941
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.10.s.3|24|1|470|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.11.s.1|32|1|2580|alpino_lc|872
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000184.p.11.s.2|24|1|1480|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.1.s.1|25|1|990|alpino_lc|571
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.1.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.2.s.1|29|1|2210|alpino_lc|764
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.2.s.2|24|1|1950|alpino_lc|1180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.2.s.3|14|1|1810|alpino_lc|2138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.3.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.3.s.2|22|1|3130|alpino_lc|2045
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.4.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000185.p.4.s.2|34|1|7280|alpino_lc|2391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.1.s.1|30|1|9870|alpino_lc|3401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.1.s.2|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|1214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.1.s.3|14|1|580|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.1|20|1|340|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.3|13|1|590|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.4|15|1|330|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.5|8|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000186.p.2.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.1.s.1|18|1|490|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.1.s.2|17|1|1000|alpino_lc|616
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.1.s.3|23|1|10060|alpino_lc|3898
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.2.s.1|11|1|620|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.2.s.2|18|1|9050|alpino_lc|2080
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.2.s.3|16|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.3.s.1|10|1|400|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.3.s.2|19|1|1510|alpino_lc|780
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000187.p.3.s.3|21|1|640|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.1.s.1|22|1|970|alpino_lc|877
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.1.s.2|12|1|150|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.1.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.2.s.1|26|1|2440|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.2.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.3.s.1|18|1|640|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.3.s.2|20|1|4230|alpino_lc|3315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000188.p.3.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000189.p.1.s.1|21|1|8910|alpino_lc|3597
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000189.p.1.s.2|19|1|170|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000189.p.1.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000189.p.2.s.1|19|1|9110|alpino_lc|4344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000189.p.2.s.2|12|1|510|alpino_lc|151
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.1.s.1|16|1|610|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.2.s.1|16|1|1870|alpino_lc|1547
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.2.s.2|17|1|460|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.2.s.3|14|1|710|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.2.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.3.s.1|16|1|660|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.3.s.2|9|1|1860|alpino_lc|1610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.3.s.3|14|1|1610|alpino_lc|1179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.3.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.3.s.5|17|1|260|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.4.s.1|18|1|2170|alpino_lc|1267
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.4.s.2|18|1|310|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000190.p.4.s.3|14|1|1080|alpino_lc|950
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000191.p.1.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000191.p.1.s.2|27|1|6040|alpino_lc|2002
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000191.p.1.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000191.p.1.s.4|15|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000191.p.1.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.1.s.1|18|1|550|alpino_lc|366
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.1.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.1.s.3|12|1|410|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.1.s.4|16|1|190|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.1.s.5|16|1|420|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.2.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000192.p.2.s.2|37|1|44630|alpino_lc|7702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.1|13|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.2|16|1|230|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.3|17|1|3260|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.4|12|1|200|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.5|19|1|4240|alpino_lc|2064
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.1.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000193.p.2.s.1|22|1|3470|alpino_lc|2246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000194.p.1.s.1|22|1|1420|alpino_lc|601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000194.p.1.s.2|19|1|560|alpino_lc|417
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000194.p.1.s.3|13|1|370|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000194.p.1.s.4|15|1|530|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000194.p.2.s.1|30|1|7040|alpino_lc|3388
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.1.s.1|19|1|900|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.1.s.2|22|1|220|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.1.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.1.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.2.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.2.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000195.p.2.s.3|20|1|2970|alpino_lc|1800
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.2|19|1|2090|alpino_lc|1270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.3|19|1|3000|alpino_lc|1584
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.4|21|1|5090|alpino_lc|8761
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.5|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|1140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.6|16|1|510|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.1.s.7|11|1|400|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.2.s.1|30|1|3130|alpino_lc|1738
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.2.s.2|22|1|6520|alpino_lc|2699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.2.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000196.p.2.s.4|34|1|7060|alpino_lc|8721
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.1.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.1.s.2|25|1|3250|alpino_lc|873
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.1.s.3|9|1|190|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.1.s.4|19|1|2320|alpino_lc|948
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.2.s.1|12|1|840|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.2.s.2|24|1|4830|alpino_lc|1757
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000197.p.3.s.1|23|1|11790|alpino_lc|14908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.1.s.1|26|1|4540|alpino_lc|858
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.1.s.2|30|1|4600|alpino_lc|1860
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.2.s.1|20|1|910|alpino_lc|576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.2.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.2.s.3|44|1|12990|alpino_lc|10364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.3.s.1|26|1|2380|alpino_lc|1092
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.3.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.3.s.3|22|1|680|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.4.s.1|47|1|21960|alpino_lc|5420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.4.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.4.s.3|31|1|2680|alpino_lc|1217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.4.s.4|27|1|2350|alpino_lc|1305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.5.s.1|24|1|11140|alpino_lc|2503
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.5.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.5.s.3|25|1|1630|alpino_lc|1349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.5.s.4|19|1|1070|alpino_lc|974
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.1|15|1|280|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.2|11|1|200|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.3|48|1|4730|alpino_lc|3202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.4|8|1|190|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.5|31|1|7040|alpino_lc|7468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.6|14|1|1780|alpino_lc|1675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.7|8|1|230|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.6.s.8|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|852
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.3|19|1|3400|alpino_lc|4964
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.4|8|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.5|8|1|170|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.7.s.6|27|1|1670|alpino_lc|1143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.8.s.1|49|1|42180|alpino_lc|3969
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.8.s.2|28|1|2800|alpino_lc|1734
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.8.s.3|18|1|210|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.8.s.4|23|1|590|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.9.s.1|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|1586
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.9.s.2|33|1|35900|alpino_lc|15585
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.9.s.3|50|1|18250|alpino_lc|8024
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.9.s.4|20|1|630|alpino_lc|713
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.1|29|1|1440|alpino_lc|1097
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.2|29|1|2160|alpino_lc|1653
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.3|35|1|2800|alpino_lc|1969
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.4|39|1|16900|alpino_lc|8997
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.5|34|1|3390|alpino_lc|1219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.10.s.6|20|1|410|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.1|15|1|780|alpino_lc|776
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.2|18|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.4|19|1|900|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.5|26|1|2500|alpino_lc|1588
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.6|8|1|170|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.11.s.7|13|1|480|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.1|23|1|1560|alpino_lc|1199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.2|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|379
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.3|38|1|57950|alpino_lc|12953
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.4|16|1|340|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.5|7|1|200|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.6|22|1|740|alpino_lc|518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.12.s.7|29|1|770|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.13.s.1|37|1|5760|alpino_lc|2960
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.13.s.2|29|1|720|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.14.s.1|10|1|380|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.14.s.2|32|1|6370|alpino_lc|1891
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.14.s.3|32|1|2140|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.14.s.4|31|1|2480|alpino_lc|717
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.14.s.5|31|1|5390|alpino_lc|3797
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.15.s.1|36|1|12600|alpino_lc|2313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.15.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.15.s.3|21|1|3260|alpino_lc|1013
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.15.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.15.s.5|9|1|200|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.1|9|1|350|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.2|8|1|250|alpino_lc|238
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.3|25|1|3180|alpino_lc|1502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.4|10|1|170|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.5|10|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000198.p.16.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.1.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.1.s.2|11|1|500|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.1.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.1.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.2.s.1|17|1|820|alpino_lc|603
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.2.s.2|18|1|570|alpino_lc|516
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.2.s.3|6|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.2.s.4|20|1|1770|alpino_lc|1082
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000199.p.2.s.5|15|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.2|15|1|270|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.4|11|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.5|21|1|980|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.6|13|1|450|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.7|9|1|310|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.1.s.8|14|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|1503
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.3|13|1|160|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.5|28|1|850|alpino_lc|863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000200.p.2.s.6|9|1|390|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.1.s.1|18|1|850|alpino_lc|527
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.1.s.2|17|1|550|alpino_lc|337
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.1.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.1.s.4|20|1|2390|alpino_lc|692
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.1.s.5|29|1|3200|alpino_lc|2775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.2.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000201.p.2.s.2|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.1.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.1.s.2|26|1|2570|alpino_lc|945
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.1.s.3|7|1|230|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.1.s.4|26|1|3520|alpino_lc|2461
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.2.s.1|19|1|2840|alpino_lc|730
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.2.s.2|23|1|410|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.2.s.3|23|1|3800|alpino_lc|3221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.2.s.4|16|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.2.s.5|10|1|170|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.3.s.1|21|1|370|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.3.s.2|34|1|5520|alpino_lc|1466
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.3.s.3|9|1|320|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.3.s.4|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000202.p.3.s.5|24|1|460|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.1.s.1|12|1|310|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.1.s.2|21|1|800|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.2.s.1|25|1|1780|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.2.s.2|43|1|5120|alpino_lc|1954
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.3.s.1|54|1|13390|alpino_lc|6066
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.1|24|1|11680|alpino_lc|2405
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.2|13|1|150|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.3|24|1|5220|alpino_lc|3023
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.4|12|1|400|alpino_lc|416
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.5|21|1|1780|alpino_lc|596
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.6|26|1|1230|alpino_lc|634
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.4.s.7|24|1|3820|alpino_lc|1953
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.5.s.1|37|1|10590|alpino_lc|2019
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.5.s.2|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.5.s.3|11|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.1|22|1|920|alpino_lc|448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.2|24|1|4220|alpino_lc|1879
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.3|27|1|2110|alpino_lc|1985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.4|15|1|360|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.5|9|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.6.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.2|14|1|260|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.3|20|1|4580|alpino_lc|2138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.5|19|1|470|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.6|16|1|730|alpino_lc|341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.7.s.7|16|1|1730|alpino_lc|1781
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.8.s.1|17|1|3300|alpino_lc|2201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.8.s.2|24|1|8820|alpino_lc|2005
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.2|28|1|7610|alpino_lc|2231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.3|28|1|5720|alpino_lc|941
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.4|33|1|18060|alpino_lc|6343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.5|11|1|130|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.6|26|1|1040|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.7|16|1|540|alpino_lc|519
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.9.s.8|16|1|510|alpino_lc|555
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.10.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.11.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.11.s.2|32|1|3040|alpino_lc|2299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.1|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|1709
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.2|10|1|370|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.3|24|1|5670|alpino_lc|3538
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.4|31|1|4910|alpino_lc|836
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.5|25|1|1390|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.6|30|1|10730|alpino_lc|3317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.12.s.7|16|1|3010|alpino_lc|4076
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.13.s.1|6|1|170|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.13.s.2|14|1|600|alpino_lc|487
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.13.s.3|18|1|1990|alpino_lc|1137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.13.s.4|15|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.13.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.1|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|758
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.2|23|1|3480|alpino_lc|1471
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.4|17|1|850|alpino_lc|600
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.5|18|1|370|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.14.s.7|16|1|620|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.15.s.1|13|1|470|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.15.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.15.s.3|26|1|1150|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.15.s.4|20|1|900|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.16.s.1|23|1|1730|alpino_lc|1336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.16.s.2|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|390
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.16.s.3|30|1|5700|alpino_lc|6248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.16.s.4|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|793
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.17.s.1|18|1|550|alpino_lc|419
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.17.s.2|17|1|580|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.18.s.1|7|1|330|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.18.s.2|16|1|450|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.18.s.3|27|1|1430|alpino_lc|494
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.18.s.4|46|1|3900|alpino_lc|2703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.19.s.1|22|1|2000|alpino_lc|913
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.19.s.2|21|1|4230|alpino_lc|552
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.19.s.3|20|1|1810|alpino_lc|1697
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.19.s.4|17|1|770|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.20.s.1|8|1|450|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.20.s.2|16|1|340|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.20.s.3|16|1|320|alpino_lc|231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.20.s.4|6|1|350|alpino_lc|363
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.1|30|1|21080|alpino_lc|15043
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.4|18|1|330|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.5|26|1|660|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.6|8|1|370|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.7|24|1|1940|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.8|20|1|220|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.21.s.9|18|1|280|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.22.s.1|20|1|9540|alpino_lc|6370
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.22.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.22.s.3|36|1|1630|alpino_lc|1852
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.23.s.1|26|1|760|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.23.s.2|16|1|2500|alpino_lc|1386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.23.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.23.s.4|20|1|2630|alpino_lc|1388
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.24.s.1|11|1|370|alpino_lc|286
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.24.s.2|11|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.24.s.3|28|1|1640|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.24.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.24.s.5|18|1|9300|alpino_lc|1958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.25.s.1|51|1|52250|alpino_lc|14616
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.25.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.26.s.1|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.26.s.2|16|1|440|alpino_lc|323
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.26.s.3|13|1|810|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.26.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.1|9|1|410|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.2|19|1|510|alpino_lc|323
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.3|8|1|140|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.5|30|1|820|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.27.s.6|21|1|2580|alpino_lc|1262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.28.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.28.s.2|22|1|1550|alpino_lc|1098
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.28.s.3|42|1|13120|alpino_lc|2066
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.1|19|1|2060|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.2|17|1|830|alpino_lc|576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.3|17|1|260|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.4|30|1|10140|alpino_lc|13166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.5|23|1|650|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.29.s.6|15|1|960|alpino_lc|607
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.1|24|1|2420|alpino_lc|838
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.3|20|1|310|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.4|16|1|620|alpino_lc|448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.5|6|1|230|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.30.s.6|23|1|13860|alpino_lc|8094
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.2|19|1|4270|alpino_lc|1161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.3|9|1|280|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.5|9|1|180|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.6|22|1|1170|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.7|14|1|290|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.8|26|1|10450|alpino_lc|6809
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.9|6|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.10|14|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.11|18|1|860|alpino_lc|888
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.12|27|1|13350|alpino_lc|4857
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.13|12|1|300|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.14|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.15|9|1|380|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.31.s.16|26|1|2270|alpino_lc|1124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.1|14|1|4100|alpino_lc|2970
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.4|11|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.5|9|1|380|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.6|21|1|10510|alpino_lc|9114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.7|8|1|110|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.8|7|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.32.s.9|19|1|490|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.1|11|1|480|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.3|30|1|2470|alpino_lc|1703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.5|12|1|350|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.6|7|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.7|9|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.8|16|1|330|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.33.s.9|13|1|360|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.34.s.1|17|1|300|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.34.s.2|16|1|370|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000203.p.34.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.1.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.1.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.2.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.2.s.2|24|1|12380|alpino_lc|3167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.2.s.3|22|1|8430|alpino_lc|7211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.3.s.1|32|1|2260|alpino_lc|515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.3.s.2|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|706
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.3.s.3|29|1|1470|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.3.s.4|35|1|1150|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.4.s.1|30|1|14370|alpino_lc|6639
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.4.s.2|26|1|32820|alpino_lc|19627
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.4.s.3|50|1|21840|alpino_lc|9674
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.4.s.4|15|1|820|alpino_lc|661
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.4.s.5|18|1|2410|alpino_lc|1507
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.5.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.5.s.2|33|1|44430|alpino_lc|10100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.5.s.3|21|1|1040|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.5.s.4|29|1|4720|alpino_lc|1363
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.5.s.5|14|1|610|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.2|9|1|180|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.4|39|1|7020|alpino_lc|3700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.5|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.6|11|1|2380|alpino_lc|1675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.6.s.7|25|1|1430|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.7.s.1|36|1|53550|alpino_lc|7795
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.7.s.2|27|1|2060|alpino_lc|1084
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.7.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.1|31|1|2320|alpino_lc|658
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.3|15|1|710|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.4|8|1|600|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.5|22|1|1990|alpino_lc|712
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.6|14|1|920|alpino_lc|901
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.7|27|1|640|alpino_lc|367
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.8.s.8|15|1|350|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.1|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|2360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.3|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|1144
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.4|17|1|510|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.5|26|1|5280|alpino_lc|1595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.9.s.6|13|1|260|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.10.s.1|42|1|12660|alpino_lc|2171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.10.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.10.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.10.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.11.s.1|58|1|15350|alpino_lc|1705
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.11.s.2|28|1|9200|alpino_lc|7344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.11.s.3|35|1|620|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.1|41|1|16570|alpino_lc|3603
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.2|12|1|330|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.4|28|1|31610|alpino_lc|5375
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.5|51|1|2060|alpino_lc|904
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.6|27|1|1450|alpino_lc|2096
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.12.s.7|23|1|1060|alpino_lc|323
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.13.s.1|17|1|1130|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.13.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.13.s.3|34|1|2470|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.13.s.4|32|1|12850|alpino_lc|3552
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.13.s.5|16|1|330|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.2|14|1|1350|alpino_lc|991
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.3|19|1|330|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.5|19|1|1310|alpino_lc|783
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000204.p.14.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.1.s.1|13|1|1010|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.1.s.2|15|1|540|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.1.s.3|21|1|2540|alpino_lc|6518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.1.s.4|15|1|1420|alpino_lc|1213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.2.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.2.s.2|21|1|1090|alpino_lc|642
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.3.s.1|14|1|640|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.3.s.2|15|1|590|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.3.s.3|25|1|2280|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.3.s.4|12|1|820|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.4.s.1|48|1|20210|alpino_lc|9202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.4.s.2|12|1|680|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000205.p.5.s.1|18|1|450|alpino_lc|307
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.1.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.1.s.2|20|1|280|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.2.s.1|28|1|9130|alpino_lc|2299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.2.s.2|22|1|5970|alpino_lc|1347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.2.s.3|13|1|220|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.2.s.4|13|1|480|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.3.s.1|13|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.3.s.2|25|1|4510|alpino_lc|2438
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.4.s.1|30|1|1010|alpino_lc|867
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.4.s.2|15|1|650|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.5.s.1|32|1|2840|alpino_lc|1332
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000206.p.6.s.1|21|1|2380|alpino_lc|1490
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.1.s.1|25|1|2910|alpino_lc|1071
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.1.s.2|21|1|730|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.2.s.1|27|1|17910|alpino_lc|4024
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.2.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.2.s.3|41|1|33930|alpino_lc|30130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.3.s.1|31|1|6440|alpino_lc|1439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.3.s.2|24|1|440|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.4.s.1|20|1|2070|alpino_lc|1259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.4.s.2|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|407
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000207.p.5.s.1|25|1|2790|alpino_lc|2116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.1.s.1|25|1|3880|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.1.s.2|19|1|820|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.1.s.3|24|1|1390|alpino_lc|401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.2.s.1|39|1|10560|alpino_lc|3796
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.3.s.1|39|1|23610|alpino_lc|4398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.3.s.2|40|1|1740|alpino_lc|2016
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.4.s.1|32|1|2490|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000208.p.5.s.1|20|1|1160|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.1.s.1|22|1|4510|alpino_lc|2207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.2.s.1|24|1|2800|alpino_lc|2834
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.2.s.2|21|1|3200|alpino_lc|6475
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.2.s.3|35|1|8780|alpino_lc|1506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.3.s.1|16|1|770|alpino_lc|423
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.3.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.3.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.3.s.4|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|363
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.4.s.1|18|1|1170|alpino_lc|633
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.4.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.5.s.1|47|1|24790|alpino_lc|10838
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000209.p.6.s.1|41|1|7810|alpino_lc|3779
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.1.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.1.s.2|35|1|14860|alpino_lc|5453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.1.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.1.s.4|33|1|3150|alpino_lc|1959
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.1.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.2.s.1|10|1|320|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.2.s.2|26|1|630|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.2.s.3|21|1|650|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.2.s.4|13|1|2260|alpino_lc|1091
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.3.s.1|10|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.3.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.3.s.3|31|1|1450|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.3.s.4|14|1|1010|alpino_lc|1035
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000210.p.3.s.5|14|1|690|alpino_lc|602
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.1.s.1|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|1631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.1.s.2|14|1|260|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.1.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.2.s.1|23|1|790|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.2.s.2|35|1|1900|alpino_lc|1789
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.2.s.3|28|1|2740|alpino_lc|1931
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.1|25|1|1850|alpino_lc|2628
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.2|15|1|4420|alpino_lc|10380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.3|17|1|910|alpino_lc|934
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.4|11|1|630|alpino_lc|655
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.5|39|1|5170|alpino_lc|1954
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.3.s.6|27|1|1460|alpino_lc|686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.4.s.1|19|1|3030|alpino_lc|4060
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.4.s.2|22|1|3050|alpino_lc|1341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.4.s.3|20|1|1530|alpino_lc|1081
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.1|26|1|4160|alpino_lc|1807
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.2|22|1|1910|alpino_lc|2046
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.3|13|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.5|20|1|440|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.6|21|1|520|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.5.s.7|30|1|1680|alpino_lc|902
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.2|15|1|220|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.3|43|1|27670|alpino_lc|27534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.4|36|1|4630|alpino_lc|3192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.5|30|1|12810|alpino_lc|7139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.6.s.6|12|1|750|alpino_lc|726
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.1|22|1|1800|alpino_lc|1077
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.2|13|1|630|alpino_lc|614
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.3|19|1|1290|alpino_lc|792
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.4|15|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.5|12|1|250|alpino_lc|342
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.7.s.6|29|1|670|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.8.s.1|23|1|4470|alpino_lc|2165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.8.s.2|21|1|380|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.8.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.8.s.4|20|1|2300|alpino_lc|1595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.9.s.1|27|1|4570|alpino_lc|4924
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.9.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.9.s.3|28|1|8520|alpino_lc|2458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.9.s.4|17|1|2510|alpino_lc|1735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.10.s.1|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.10.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.10.s.3|21|1|1380|alpino_lc|1075
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.10.s.4|45|1|61820|alpino_lc|20985
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.10.s.5|13|1|320|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.1|25|1|1090|alpino_lc|1016
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.2|25|1|17720|alpino_lc|5928
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.3|19|1|720|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.5|14|1|930|alpino_lc|509
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.6|10|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.7|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.11.s.8|9|1|340|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.12.s.1|30|1|2420|alpino_lc|1581
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.12.s.2|23|1|1100|alpino_lc|1247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.12.s.3|17|1|430|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.12.s.4|14|1|220|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.1|21|1|1430|alpino_lc|1252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.2|21|1|1690|alpino_lc|732
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.3|20|1|970|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.4|18|1|6500|alpino_lc|5497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.5|37|1|58980|alpino_lc|39674
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.13.s.6|24|1|3240|alpino_lc|1385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.14.s.1|20|1|780|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.14.s.2|13|1|2260|alpino_lc|2017
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.14.s.3|11|1|1620|alpino_lc|1013
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.14.s.4|22|1|3210|alpino_lc|1270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.15.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.15.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.15.s.3|26|1|830|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.15.s.4|7|1|240|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.15.s.5|21|1|680|alpino_lc|703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.1|22|1|1140|alpino_lc|935
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.3|14|1|380|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000211.p.16.s.6|20|1|2340|alpino_lc|1863
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.1.s.1|9|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.1.s.2|18|1|870|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.1.s.3|10|1|330|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.2.s.1|35|1|16030|alpino_lc|12037
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.2.s.2|13|1|740|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.3.s.1|11|1|370|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.3.s.2|31|1|1180|alpino_lc|649
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.3.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.4.s.1|25|1|620|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000212.p.5.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.1.s.1|15|1|290|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.1.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.2.s.1|18|1|260|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.2.s.2|27|1|2100|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.3.s.1|20|1|480|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000214.p.3.s.2|22|1|1560|alpino_lc|1065
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.1.s.1|18|1|300|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.2.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.2.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.2.s.3|38|1|790|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.2.s.4|8|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000215.p.2.s.5|11|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000216.p.1.s.1|21|1|550|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000216.p.2.s.1|27|1|810|alpino_lc|840
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000216.p.2.s.2|18|1|1830|alpino_lc|1190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000216.p.3.s.1|32|1|8210|alpino_lc|6842
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000216.p.4.s.1|17|1|360|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.1.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.1.s.2|34|1|1540|alpino_lc|1066
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.2.s.1|20|1|420|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.2.s.2|16|1|370|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.2.s.3|14|1|440|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.2.s.4|17|1|390|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000217.p.3.s.1|41|1|1440|alpino_lc|815
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000218.p.1.s.1|32|1|1250|alpino_lc|745
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000218.p.1.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000218.p.2.s.1|25|1|740|alpino_lc|1147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000218.p.2.s.2|18|1|1690|alpino_lc|1865
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000218.p.2.s.3|22|1|2210|alpino_lc|702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.1.s.1|19|1|3010|alpino_lc|2292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.2.s.1|32|1|6750|alpino_lc|2411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.2.s.2|21|1|570|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.2.s.3|18|1|360|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.2.s.4|18|1|340|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.1|28|1|10930|alpino_lc|2200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.2|33|1|4110|alpino_lc|601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.3|33|1|49690|alpino_lc|20699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.4|11|1|560|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.5|31|1|17380|alpino_lc|4175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.3.s.6|11|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.4.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.4.s.2|30|1|5210|alpino_lc|1449
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.4.s.3|25|1|3100|alpino_lc|3622
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.4.s.4|19|1|990|alpino_lc|1418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.4.s.5|43|1|20460|alpino_lc|8896
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.5.s.1|28|1|9370|alpino_lc|6854
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.5.s.2|25|1|6900|alpino_lc|1637
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.5.s.3|26|1|1830|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.5.s.4|12|1|260|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.6.s.1|60|1|22310|alpino_lc|11150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.6.s.2|24|1|580|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.6.s.3|47|1|10940|alpino_lc|4368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.6.s.4|23|1|37270|alpino_lc|18180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.6.s.5|12|1|390|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.1|20|1|340|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.3|18|1|1400|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.4|16|1|680|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.5|21|1|2050|alpino_lc|1234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.6|57|1|67950|alpino_lc|19244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.7|9|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.8|23|1|920|alpino_lc|681
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.9|15|1|550|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000219.p.7.s.10|7|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.1.s.1|20|1|3870|alpino_lc|862
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.1.s.2|24|1|1050|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.2.s.1|18|1|1290|alpino_lc|1370
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.2.s.2|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|888
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.2.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.2.s.4|17|1|8280|alpino_lc|1601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.3.s.1|13|1|850|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.3.s.2|15|1|3060|alpino_lc|2536
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.3.s.3|16|1|590|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000220.p.3.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.1.s.1|15|1|1510|alpino_lc|1539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.1.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.1.s.3|13|1|240|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.1.s.4|18|1|730|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.1.s.5|23|1|810|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.2.s.1|15|1|630|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.2.s.2|7|1|220|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.3.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.3.s.2|21|1|950|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.3.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000221.p.3.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.1.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.1.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.2.s.1|20|1|250|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.3.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.3.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.3.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000222.p.3.s.4|14|1|1590|alpino_lc|1443
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.1.s.1|21|1|520|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.1.s.2|21|1|3040|alpino_lc|1207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.1.s.3|10|1|480|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.2.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.2.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.2.s.3|22|1|530|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.3.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.3.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.3.s.3|21|1|3520|alpino_lc|2533
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000223.p.4.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.1.s.1|17|1|1290|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.1.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.1.s.3|19|1|250|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.2.s.1|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1047
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.2.s.2|21|1|630|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.2.s.3|10|1|330|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.2.s.4|22|1|1780|alpino_lc|1798
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.2.s.5|10|1|180|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.3.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.3.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000224.p.3.s.3|17|1|720|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.1.s.1|18|1|540|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.1.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.1.s.3|14|1|1740|alpino_lc|1329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.1.s.4|13|1|270|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.2.s.1|24|1|25300|alpino_lc|33355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.2.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.3.s.1|23|1|1090|alpino_lc|562
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.3.s.2|9|1|170|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.3.s.3|14|1|610|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000225.p.3.s.4|10|1|390|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.1.s.1|19|1|960|alpino_lc|739
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.2.s.1|46|1|72300|alpino_lc|2569
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.2.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.3.s.1|28|1|500|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.3.s.2|16|1|260|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.3.s.3|37|1|5040|alpino_lc|5735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.4.s.1|27|1|1350|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.4.s.2|31|1|980|alpino_lc|464
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.4.s.3|13|1|370|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.4.s.4|27|1|1690|alpino_lc|646
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.5.s.1|32|1|29500|alpino_lc|3708
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.5.s.2|27|1|8060|alpino_lc|1968
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.5.s.3|13|1|610|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.6.s.1|30|1|1300|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.6.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.6.s.3|24|1|400|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.7.s.1|24|1|650|alpino_lc|410
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.7.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.7.s.3|19|1|920|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.7.s.4|24|1|670|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.8.s.1|21|1|880|alpino_lc|642
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.8.s.2|48|1|17460|alpino_lc|1823
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.8.s.3|29|1|13910|alpino_lc|7798
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.9.s.1|20|1|710|alpino_lc|521
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.9.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.9.s.3|26|1|1040|alpino_lc|492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.9.s.4|18|1|520|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.10.s.1|44|1|6970|alpino_lc|1543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.10.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.10.s.3|28|1|4350|alpino_lc|3967
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.11.s.1|23|1|520|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000226.p.11.s.2|43|1|4050|alpino_lc|3004
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.1.s.1|21|1|480|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.1.s.2|24|1|1190|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.2.s.1|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|2159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.2.s.2|34|1|17150|alpino_lc|4109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.2.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.2.s.4|11|1|1670|alpino_lc|1401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.2.s.5|23|1|2740|alpino_lc|716
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.3.s.1|13|1|740|alpino_lc|563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.3.s.2|8|1|370|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.3.s.3|15|1|810|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.3.s.4|16|1|280|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.1|22|1|490|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.3|8|1|310|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.4|20|1|1350|alpino_lc|668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.5|14|1|320|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.6|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|858
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.4.s.7|12|1|680|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.5.s.1|12|1|660|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.5.s.2|24|1|790|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.5.s.3|33|1|27020|alpino_lc|4604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.6.s.1|19|1|2520|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.6.s.2|7|1|260|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.6.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.6.s.4|15|1|660|alpino_lc|270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.1|33|1|6810|alpino_lc|9434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.2|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|1050
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.3|12|1|560|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.4|20|1|610|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.5|5|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.6|22|1|660|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.7.s.7|21|1|6930|alpino_lc|4508
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.1|19|1|880|alpino_lc|398
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.2|17|1|1660|alpino_lc|447
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.3|8|1|300|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.4|33|1|11910|alpino_lc|5490
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.5|9|1|240|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.6|13|1|370|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.8.s.7|15|1|8430|alpino_lc|4393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.1|15|1|1660|alpino_lc|1322
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.2|11|1|280|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.3|21|1|3630|alpino_lc|2912
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.4|16|1|490|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.5|20|1|970|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.6|18|1|1540|alpino_lc|1257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.9.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.10.s.1|11|1|960|alpino_lc|919
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.10.s.2|19|1|1630|alpino_lc|1042
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.10.s.3|49|1|50220|alpino_lc|25768
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.10.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.1|9|1|270|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.2|7|1|210|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.3|11|1|250|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.4|33|1|1290|alpino_lc|807
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.5|19|1|430|alpino_lc|310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.11.s.6|15|1|290|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.12.s.1|25|1|6290|alpino_lc|3472
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.12.s.2|42|1|6910|alpino_lc|4793
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.13.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.13.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.13.s.3|16|1|420|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.14.s.1|13|1|390|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.14.s.2|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|765
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.14.s.3|40|1|2320|alpino_lc|702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.15.s.1|13|1|470|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.15.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.15.s.3|34|1|22650|alpino_lc|9390
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.15.s.4|18|1|350|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.15.s.5|22|1|2960|alpino_lc|5939
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.16.s.1|23|1|10670|alpino_lc|6308
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.16.s.2|17|1|540|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.16.s.3|24|1|720|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.16.s.4|24|1|3760|alpino_lc|2001
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.16.s.5|28|1|3520|alpino_lc|2873
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.1|19|1|1750|alpino_lc|990
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.2|15|1|5710|alpino_lc|3895
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.3|25|1|870|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.4|19|1|430|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.5|16|1|670|alpino_lc|420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.6|11|1|290|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.17.s.7|17|1|710|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.18.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.18.s.2|7|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.18.s.3|28|1|1390|alpino_lc|1750
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000227.p.18.s.4|17|1|300|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.1.s.1|30|1|3370|alpino_lc|3420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.2.s.1|8|1|760|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.2.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.2.s.3|45|1|8210|alpino_lc|9833
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.3.s.1|12|1|560|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.3.s.2|18|1|840|alpino_lc|734
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.3.s.3|11|1|650|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.4.s.1|44|1|12370|alpino_lc|3268
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.5.s.1|42|1|2040|alpino_lc|762
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.5.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000228.p.6.s.1|19|1|440|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.1.s.1|22|1|580|alpino_lc|276
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.1.s.2|25|1|4400|alpino_lc|5392
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.2.s.1|37|1|3810|alpino_lc|1065
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.2.s.2|17|1|310|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.3.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.3.s.2|22|1|270|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.4.s.1|22|1|1400|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.4.s.2|22|1|740|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.5.s.1|29|1|1430|alpino_lc|813
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.5.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000229.p.6.s.1|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|1019
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.1.s.1|9|1|450|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.1.s.2|17|1|380|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.2.s.1|22|1|790|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.2.s.2|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.2.s.3|18|1|490|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.2.s.4|15|1|380|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.3.s.1|31|1|1790|alpino_lc|803
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.3.s.2|17|1|1170|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.3.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.4.s.1|23|1|1170|alpino_lc|770
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.5.s.1|34|1|2430|alpino_lc|686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000230.p.5.s.2|30|1|1950|alpino_lc|852
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.1.s.1|15|1|270|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.1.s.2|26|1|2090|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.1.s.3|16|1|270|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.2.s.1|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|1086
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.2.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.2.s.3|20|1|360|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.2.s.4|11|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.3.s.1|13|1|820|alpino_lc|610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.3.s.2|29|1|1190|alpino_lc|354
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.4.s.1|18|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.4.s.2|18|1|340|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.5.s.1|23|1|380|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000231.p.5.s.2|32|1|4670|alpino_lc|2337
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.1.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.1.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.1.s.3|10|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.1.s.4|12|1|1440|alpino_lc|1239
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.2.s.1|17|1|300|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.2.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.2.s.3|32|1|10080|alpino_lc|3269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.3.s.1|29|1|2840|alpino_lc|1394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.3.s.2|24|1|1900|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.3.s.3|18|1|270|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.4.s.1|11|1|660|alpino_lc|310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.4.s.2|15|1|1600|alpino_lc|891
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.5.s.1|17|1|630|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.5.s.2|16|1|720|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000232.p.5.s.3|11|1|440|alpino_lc|594
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.1.s.1|19|1|740|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.1.s.2|38|1|14470|alpino_lc|13613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.1.s.3|20|1|3330|alpino_lc|3152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.2.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.2.s.2|10|1|620|alpino_lc|635
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.2.s.3|22|1|1840|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.2.s.4|14|1|830|alpino_lc|582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.2.s.5|12|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.3.s.1|22|1|940|alpino_lc|706
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.3.s.2|39|1|1410|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000233.p.3.s.3|17|1|290|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.1.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.1.s.2|15|1|290|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.1|12|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.2|13|1|340|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.3|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.5|21|1|4350|alpino_lc|4907
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.6|26|1|1490|alpino_lc|435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.2.s.7|20|1|780|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.3.s.1|22|1|2030|alpino_lc|1766
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.3.s.2|26|1|2200|alpino_lc|1718
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.3.s.3|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1131
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.3.s.4|28|1|1750|alpino_lc|1055
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.2|27|1|550|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.3|13|1|270|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.4|13|1|300|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.5|45|1|38410|alpino_lc|843
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.6|46|1|34730|alpino_lc|12026
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.4.s.7|29|1|1350|alpino_lc|1108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.5.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.5.s.2|19|1|430|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.5.s.3|15|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.5.s.4|20|1|300|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.5.s.5|31|1|22800|alpino_lc|26107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.3|36|1|1560|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.4|31|1|3480|alpino_lc|2212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.5|17|1|1070|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.6|20|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.6.s.7|24|1|610|alpino_lc|298
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.2|27|1|1460|alpino_lc|932
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.3|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|1249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.4|35|1|34490|alpino_lc|12296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.5|16|1|1630|alpino_lc|1114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.6|11|1|820|alpino_lc|676
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.7|18|1|4290|alpino_lc|4146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.8|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|1071
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.9|9|1|130|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.10|13|1|1740|alpino_lc|1878
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.11|16|1|270|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.7.s.12|16|1|370|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.1|20|1|820|alpino_lc|776
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.3|21|1|650|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.4|12|1|310|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.5|13|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.8.s.6|9|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.9.s.1|23|1|2570|alpino_lc|2239
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.9.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.10.s.1|24|1|760|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.10.s.2|21|1|2660|alpino_lc|758
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.10.s.3|15|1|430|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.10.s.4|16|1|310|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.10.s.5|25|1|740|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.11.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.11.s.2|23|1|3270|alpino_lc|1883
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.11.s.3|8|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.11.s.4|47|1|18990|alpino_lc|1772
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.1|12|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.2|11|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.3|17|1|670|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.4|33|1|970|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.5|6|1|160|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.12.s.6|20|1|3570|alpino_lc|2426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.1|22|1|10110|alpino_lc|4868
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.2|14|1|370|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.3|26|1|6050|alpino_lc|1974
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.4|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.5|11|1|220|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.6|9|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.7|10|1|410|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.8|12|1|650|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.13.s.9|10|1|180|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.14.s.1|16|1|150|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.14.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.14.s.3|14|1|1840|alpino_lc|700
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.14.s.4|17|1|350|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.15.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.15.s.2|17|1|400|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000234.p.15.s.3|12|1|220|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.1.s.1|26|1|1480|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.1.s.2|52|1|11620|alpino_lc|2842
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.2.s.1|58|1|63240|alpino_lc|12227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.2.s.2|33|1|1030|alpino_lc|511
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.3.s.1|32|1|9470|alpino_lc|2966
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.4.s.1|40|1|3240|alpino_lc|771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.4.s.2|28|1|760|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.5.s.1|44|1|28430|alpino_lc|22999
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.5.s.2|17|1|2060|alpino_lc|1235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.5.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.6.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.6.s.2|46|1|11160|alpino_lc|6353
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.6.s.3|12|1|620|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.6.s.4|17|1|680|alpino_lc|883
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.6.s.5|18|1|1050|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.7.s.1|46|1|12660|alpino_lc|4591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.7.s.2|11|1|510|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.7.s.3|15|1|230|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.8.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.8.s.2|25|1|1090|alpino_lc|643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.8.s.3|26|1|1880|alpino_lc|658
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.8.s.4|19|1|590|alpino_lc|435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.9.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.9.s.2|18|1|670|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.9.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.10.s.1|23|1|1570|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.10.s.2|33|1|5950|alpino_lc|5061
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.10.s.3|35|1|3270|alpino_lc|1480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.1|18|1|470|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.2|50|1|2590|alpino_lc|958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.3|15|1|1920|alpino_lc|1396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.5|28|1|3690|alpino_lc|3878
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000235.p.11.s.6|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.1.s.1|22|1|15710|alpino_lc|11082
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.1.s.2|24|1|3860|alpino_lc|2880
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.1.s.3|13|1|160|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.2.s.1|18|1|1880|alpino_lc|1148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.2.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000236.p.3.s.1|13|1|520|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.1.s.1|32|1|1570|alpino_lc|1130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.1.s.2|30|1|2140|alpino_lc|1771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.1.s.3|33|1|15630|alpino_lc|3028
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.2.s.1|32|1|1690|alpino_lc|1250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.2.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000237.p.3.s.1|26|1|1310|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.1.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.1.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.1.s.3|8|1|200|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.1.s.4|8|1|120|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.1.s.5|11|1|660|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.2.s.1|28|1|4620|alpino_lc|623
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000238.p.2.s.2|38|1|25120|alpino_lc|15344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000239.p.1.s.1|17|1|1400|alpino_lc|1480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000239.p.1.s.2|31|1|6900|alpino_lc|916
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000239.p.1.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000239.p.2.s.1|15|1|640|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.2|20|1|1710|alpino_lc|1886
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.3|13|1|320|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.4|12|1|160|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.5|15|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.6|22|1|5930|alpino_lc|4290
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.7|8|1|230|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.1.s.8|18|1|1270|alpino_lc|1014
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.2.s.1|27|1|4600|alpino_lc|1455
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.3.s.1|19|1|1770|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.3.s.2|25|1|15210|alpino_lc|8253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.3.s.3|39|1|5240|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.3.s.4|27|1|8100|alpino_lc|3147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.4.s.1|12|1|320|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000240.p.4.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.1.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.1.s.2|19|1|2240|alpino_lc|1349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.2.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.2.s.2|17|1|430|alpino_lc|408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.2.s.3|24|1|640|alpino_lc|270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.3.s.1|14|1|580|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000241.p.3.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.1.s.1|16|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.1.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.1.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.1|14|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.2|34|1|1360|alpino_lc|899
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.3|24|1|4370|alpino_lc|1857
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.4|40|1|1860|alpino_lc|647
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.5|20|1|610|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.2.s.6|32|1|1940|alpino_lc|1929
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.1|10|1|460|alpino_lc|320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.2|28|1|740|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.4|22|1|390|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.5|25|1|7720|alpino_lc|3993
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.3.s.6|44|1|4470|alpino_lc|1970
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.2|17|1|200|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.3|19|1|240|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.4|26|1|3850|alpino_lc|2359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.5|20|1|1280|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.6|9|1|160|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.7|21|1|7420|alpino_lc|1200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.4.s.8|14|1|310|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.2|24|1|350|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.3|22|1|1960|alpino_lc|681
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.5|22|1|460|alpino_lc|334
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.6|49|1|25460|alpino_lc|6026
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.7|8|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.8|8|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.5.s.9|14|1|260|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.2|6|1|320|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.3|23|1|4420|alpino_lc|2140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.4|20|1|4850|alpino_lc|5351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.5|7|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.6|15|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.7|30|1|13100|alpino_lc|3796
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.8|42|1|3780|alpino_lc|1768
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.9|12|1|540|alpino_lc|644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.10|41|1|14030|alpino_lc|2578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.6.s.11|12|1|420|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.7.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.7.s.2|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.7.s.3|14|1|840|alpino_lc|587
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.7.s.4|13|1|220|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.7.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.8.s.1|24|1|8290|alpino_lc|8465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.8.s.2|25|1|2480|alpino_lc|1740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.8.s.3|28|1|2480|alpino_lc|906
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.8.s.4|19|1|1690|alpino_lc|505
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.1|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|875
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.2|20|1|1250|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.3|31|1|6500|alpino_lc|1380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.4|12|1|280|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.5|20|1|700|alpino_lc|506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.6|8|1|160|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.9.s.7|19|1|640|alpino_lc|1133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.10.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.10.s.2|12|1|490|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.10.s.3|19|1|260|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.10.s.4|37|1|9100|alpino_lc|4180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.10.s.5|29|1|2000|alpino_lc|663
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.2|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|1280
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.3|18|1|300|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.6|13|1|260|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.11.s.7|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|1003
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.12.s.1|15|1|230|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.12.s.2|13|1|3280|alpino_lc|3703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.12.s.3|13|1|640|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.12.s.4|26|1|1080|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.13.s.1|32|1|103200|alpino_lc|22348
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.13.s.2|16|1|550|alpino_lc|595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.13.s.3|26|1|23220|alpino_lc|6532
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.2|32|1|3670|alpino_lc|1607
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.3|35|1|4630|alpino_lc|1148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.4|18|1|530|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.5|17|1|1660|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.6|16|1|240|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.7|18|1|630|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.8|19|1|360|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.9|13|1|310|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.14.s.10|30|1|2420|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.1|24|1|1030|alpino_lc|776
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.3|17|1|2860|alpino_lc|2278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.4|16|1|820|alpino_lc|737
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.5|21|1|940|alpino_lc|853
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.6|7|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.15.s.7|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|1573
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.2|12|1|350|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.3|12|1|850|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.6|17|1|1090|alpino_lc|757
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.16.s.7|41|1|28140|alpino_lc|7580
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.1|44|1|4520|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.2|23|1|8590|alpino_lc|3637
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.3|15|1|520|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.4|16|1|3470|alpino_lc|1983
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.5|17|1|520|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.17.s.6|12|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.18.s.1|21|1|900|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.18.s.2|29|1|1360|alpino_lc|550
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.18.s.3|50|1|1060|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.18.s.4|10|1|340|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.19.s.1|19|1|1670|alpino_lc|1666
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.19.s.2|23|1|590|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.19.s.3|22|1|740|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.19.s.4|14|1|340|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000242.p.19.s.5|27|1|470|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.1.s.1|16|1|590|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.2.s.1|16|1|230|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.2.s.2|18|1|530|alpino_lc|435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.3.s.1|31|1|9350|alpino_lc|6702
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.3.s.2|13|1|870|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.3.s.3|28|1|3240|alpino_lc|1685
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.4.s.1|17|1|1180|alpino_lc|1015
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.4.s.2|43|1|22970|alpino_lc|17289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.5.s.1|26|1|1070|alpino_lc|571
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.5.s.2|33|1|5410|alpino_lc|2765
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.6.s.1|20|1|1420|alpino_lc|862
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.6.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.6.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.7.s.1|26|1|810|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.7.s.2|44|1|4450|alpino_lc|923
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.7.s.3|15|1|200|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.7.s.4|19|1|310|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.8.s.1|32|1|1220|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.8.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.8.s.3|46|1|29810|alpino_lc|15119
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.4|34|1|2540|alpino_lc|1938
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.5|15|1|2270|alpino_lc|1316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.9.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.10.s.1|45|1|3380|alpino_lc|1570
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.10.s.2|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|816
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.11.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.11.s.2|24|1|3140|alpino_lc|2895
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.12.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.12.s.2|26|1|13440|alpino_lc|4626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.12.s.3|23|1|3710|alpino_lc|4359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.13.s.1|29|1|4210|alpino_lc|1108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.14.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.14.s.2|16|1|440|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.15.s.1|44|1|15390|alpino_lc|20243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.16.s.1|35|1|1260|alpino_lc|629
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.16.s.2|31|1|1100|alpino_lc|1319
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.17.s.1|39|1|1800|alpino_lc|765
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000243.p.17.s.2|20|1|520|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.1.s.1|27|1|890|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.1.s.2|18|1|260|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.1|9|1|370|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.2|7|1|490|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.3|16|1|820|alpino_lc|319
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.4|4|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.5|10|1|330|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.6|20|1|670|alpino_lc|582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.7|16|1|2240|alpino_lc|496
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.2.s.8|13|1|390|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.3.s.1|7|1|350|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.3.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.3.s.3|70|1|251030|alpino_lc|64918
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.3.s.4|32|1|2320|alpino_lc|1627
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.3.s.5|19|1|460|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.4.s.1|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|1062
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.4.s.2|26|1|660|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.4.s.3|21|1|610|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.4.s.4|24|1|1300|alpino_lc|784
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.2|17|1|3120|alpino_lc|4300
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.3|22|1|810|alpino_lc|507
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.4|25|1|6370|alpino_lc|1779
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.5|14|1|250|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.5.s.6|7|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.6.s.1|28|1|2030|alpino_lc|807
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.6.s.2|36|1|7800|alpino_lc|4339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.6.s.3|19|1|990|alpino_lc|1162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.6.s.4|39|1|12360|alpino_lc|3417
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.1|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.2|13|1|360|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.4|22|1|1070|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.5|37|1|34410|alpino_lc|33080
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.7.s.6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.8.s.1|39|1|7400|alpino_lc|1413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.8.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.8.s.3|12|1|2420|alpino_lc|2152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.8.s.4|12|1|160|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.8.s.5|20|1|260|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.9.s.1|33|1|5620|alpino_lc|3252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.9.s.2|23|1|980|alpino_lc|423
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.9.s.3|13|1|760|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.9.s.4|31|1|4910|alpino_lc|2822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.9.s.5|44|1|46170|alpino_lc|15959
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.1|14|1|2080|alpino_lc|1225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.2|21|1|2240|alpino_lc|691
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.3|17|1|260|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.4|40|1|3660|alpino_lc|1056
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.5|17|1|470|alpino_lc|276
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.10.s.6|26|1|790|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.1|30|1|5000|alpino_lc|2908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.2|31|1|8360|alpino_lc|5499
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.3|24|1|320|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.4|14|1|630|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.5|19|1|1410|alpino_lc|1101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.6|27|1|7390|alpino_lc|1154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.7|23|1|9940|alpino_lc|3097
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.11.s.8|22|1|420|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.2|42|1|26650|alpino_lc|6459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.3|35|1|9410|alpino_lc|5393
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.4|37|1|10130|alpino_lc|4538
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.5|11|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.6|8|1|690|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.12.s.7|42|1|15820|alpino_lc|7166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.13.s.1|79|1|114400|alpino_lc|61149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.13.s.2|38|1|6980|alpino_lc|4916
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.13.s.3|25|1|4320|alpino_lc|2735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.13.s.4|18|1|780|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.14.s.1|20|1|1410|alpino_lc|518
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.14.s.2|20|1|490|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.15.s.1|15|1|500|alpino_lc|290
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.15.s.2|38|1|8040|alpino_lc|8138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.2|22|1|2330|alpino_lc|2469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.3|41|1|339950|alpino_lc|25434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.4|9|1|1350|alpino_lc|1418
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.5|26|1|6200|alpino_lc|5225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.16.s.6|26|1|2560|alpino_lc|2161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.17.s.1|8|1|370|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.17.s.2|15|1|260|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.17.s.3|22|1|2280|alpino_lc|2346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.17.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.1|32|1|3240|alpino_lc|1901
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.2|7|1|210|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.3|21|1|1480|alpino_lc|1666
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.4|10|1|410|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.5|8|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.6|8|1|210|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.7|10|1|1200|alpino_lc|705
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.8|34|1|4670|alpino_lc|1766
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.9|19|1|570|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.10|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.11|13|1|200|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.18.s.12|6|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.19.s.1|15|1|230|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.19.s.2|21|1|2000|alpino_lc|1016
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.19.s.3|19|1|460|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.19.s.4|13|1|170|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.19.s.5|18|1|270|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.20.s.1|13|1|870|alpino_lc|1435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.20.s.2|15|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.20.s.3|19|1|710|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.20.s.4|10|1|250|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.21.s.1|29|1|2020|alpino_lc|922
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000244.p.21.s.2|16|1|530|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.1.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.1.s.2|17|1|330|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.2.s.1|20|1|580|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.2.s.2|23|1|1120|alpino_lc|470
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.2.s.3|13|1|360|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.2.s.4|26|1|6130|alpino_lc|3456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.2|29|1|6520|alpino_lc|2382
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.3|10|1|550|alpino_lc|550
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.4|31|1|1470|alpino_lc|913
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.5|20|1|320|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.3.s.6|10|1|530|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.1|21|1|840|alpino_lc|528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.2|17|1|8750|alpino_lc|5944
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.3|18|1|870|alpino_lc|374
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.4|32|1|4440|alpino_lc|716
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.5|10|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.4.s.6|19|1|510|alpino_lc|335
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.1|17|1|440|alpino_lc|383
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.2|16|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.4|9|1|290|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.5|17|1|3100|alpino_lc|2748
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.6|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|1273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.5.s.7|12|1|340|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.6.s.1|31|1|31110|alpino_lc|8810
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.6.s.2|28|1|690|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.6.s.3|37|1|12290|alpino_lc|8664
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.7.s.1|13|1|860|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.7.s.2|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|925
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.7.s.3|34|1|650|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.7.s.4|27|1|2770|alpino_lc|1429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.1|22|1|670|alpino_lc|503
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.3|9|1|480|alpino_lc|382
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.4|21|1|3100|alpino_lc|671
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.5|8|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.8.s.6|13|1|240|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.9.s.1|16|1|390|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.9.s.2|24|1|7620|alpino_lc|2675
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.9.s.3|30|1|1650|alpino_lc|833
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.9.s.4|26|1|930|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.1|20|1|680|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.2|11|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.4|20|1|720|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.5|12|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.6|31|1|770|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.8|24|1|690|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.10.s.9|18|1|510|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.11.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.11.s.2|26|1|1660|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.11.s.3|18|1|530|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.11.s.4|23|1|490|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.12.s.1|27|1|7820|alpino_lc|3967
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.12.s.2|47|1|3980|alpino_lc|943
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.12.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.12.s.4|24|1|690|alpino_lc|411
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.13.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.13.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.13.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.13.s.4|21|1|320|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000245.p.13.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.1.s.1|26|1|950|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.1|16|1|640|alpino_lc|604
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.2|31|1|26940|alpino_lc|3194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.4|18|1|580|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.6|7|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.7|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.8|26|1|500|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.9|8|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.2.s.10|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.3.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.3.s.2|35|1|57820|alpino_lc|19173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.3.s.3|10|1|780|alpino_lc|732
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.1|20|1|770|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.2|18|1|4170|alpino_lc|1563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.3|14|1|970|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.4|18|1|830|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.5|37|1|14830|alpino_lc|5460
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.4.s.6|14|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.5.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.5.s.2|24|1|760|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.5.s.3|14|1|510|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.5.s.4|11|1|390|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.5.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.6.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.6.s.2|31|1|9370|alpino_lc|4887
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.6.s.3|18|1|5710|alpino_lc|5764
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.6.s.4|20|1|510|alpino_lc|456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.1|44|1|1870|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.4|8|1|270|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.5|29|1|970|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.6|14|1|520|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.7.s.7|15|1|370|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.8.s.1|42|1|1980|alpino_lc|628
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.8.s.2|18|1|180|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.8.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.9.s.1|13|1|560|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.9.s.2|25|1|1360|alpino_lc|492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.9.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.10.s.1|17|1|490|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.10.s.2|17|1|500|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.10.s.3|28|1|1500|alpino_lc|953
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.10.s.4|13|1|330|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.11.s.1|40|1|13310|alpino_lc|741
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.12.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.12.s.2|35|1|12960|alpino_lc|6852
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.13.s.1|47|1|21860|alpino_lc|5204
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.13.s.2|28|1|5230|alpino_lc|3887
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.14.s.1|31|1|5110|alpino_lc|2820
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.14.s.2|28|1|22550|alpino_lc|3210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.14.s.3|18|1|800|alpino_lc|752
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.14.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.3|13|1|360|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.5|20|1|1210|alpino_lc|937
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.6|5|1|180|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.15.s.7|20|1|1380|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.16.s.1|30|1|4750|alpino_lc|2085
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.16.s.2|9|1|870|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.16.s.3|20|1|1140|alpino_lc|1481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.17.s.1|34|1|3280|alpino_lc|1842
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000246.p.17.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.1.s.1|22|1|670|alpino_lc|506
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.1.s.2|17|1|370|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.2.s.1|12|1|240|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.2.s.2|15|1|830|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.2.s.3|16|1|260|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.2.s.4|22|1|1040|alpino_lc|1333
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.2.s.5|39|1|10630|alpino_lc|1598
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.3.s.1|54|1|4770|alpino_lc|3609
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.3.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.3.s.3|22|1|4260|alpino_lc|4313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.1|19|1|660|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.2|34|1|14990|alpino_lc|6106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.3|24|1|280|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.4|21|1|1070|alpino_lc|799
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.5|24|1|790|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.4.s.6|21|1|670|alpino_lc|402
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.5.s.1|11|1|650|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.5.s.2|21|1|880|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.5.s.3|13|1|570|alpino_lc|582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.5.s.4|34|1|3580|alpino_lc|1310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.5.s.5|29|1|910|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.6.s.1|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|1453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.6.s.2|21|1|550|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.6.s.3|14|1|650|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.6.s.4|8|1|220|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.6.s.5|40|1|4620|alpino_lc|3115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.7.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.7.s.2|21|1|1110|alpino_lc|756
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.7.s.3|16|1|270|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.7.s.4|54|1|13740|alpino_lc|16038
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.1|28|1|1400|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.2|18|1|4880|alpino_lc|1643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.3|33|1|810|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.4|21|1|1970|alpino_lc|1064
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.5|13|1|1050|alpino_lc|887
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.8.s.6|33|1|56160|alpino_lc|51217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.1|21|1|3700|alpino_lc|1826
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.2|20|1|350|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.4|23|1|1400|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.5|28|1|1010|alpino_lc|1435
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.9.s.6|14|1|230|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.10.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.10.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.10.s.3|14|1|1550|alpino_lc|773
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.10.s.4|37|1|9880|alpino_lc|2634
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.11.s.1|22|1|890|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.11.s.2|17|1|320|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.11.s.3|44|1|25890|alpino_lc|3467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.11.s.4|12|1|1430|alpino_lc|1213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.11.s.5|26|1|2130|alpino_lc|726
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.12.s.1|31|1|7120|alpino_lc|3885
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.12.s.2|9|1|210|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.12.s.3|34|1|2990|alpino_lc|2037
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.12.s.4|30|1|6850|alpino_lc|1790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.13.s.1|12|1|450|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000247.p.13.s.2|19|1|780|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.1.s.1|23|1|1570|alpino_lc|1037
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.1.s.2|13|1|440|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.2.s.1|38|1|1140|alpino_lc|599
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.2.s.2|15|1|380|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.2.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.2.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.2.s.5|17|1|350|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.2|20|1|3930|alpino_lc|7087
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.3|19|1|1280|alpino_lc|1083
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.4|26|1|2650|alpino_lc|1514
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.5|10|1|130|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.6|11|1|220|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.3.s.7|32|1|4940|alpino_lc|7686
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.4.s.1|34|1|8250|alpino_lc|3469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.4.s.2|22|1|1730|alpino_lc|1822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.4.s.3|30|1|1180|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.4.s.4|27|1|6910|alpino_lc|4708
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.5.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.5.s.2|21|1|610|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.5.s.3|22|1|5390|alpino_lc|2386
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.5.s.4|36|1|7440|alpino_lc|4347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.6.s.1|45|1|32750|alpino_lc|3213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.6.s.2|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|840
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.6.s.3|30|1|12430|alpino_lc|16490
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.6.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.2|38|1|5460|alpino_lc|5437
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.5|21|1|1140|alpino_lc|1057
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.6|12|1|310|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.7.s.7|19|1|1540|alpino_lc|1015
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.8.s.1|26|1|2850|alpino_lc|2178
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.8.s.2|28|1|5940|alpino_lc|4304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.8.s.3|34|1|2100|alpino_lc|789
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.9.s.1|34|1|6130|alpino_lc|4968
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.9.s.2|16|1|650|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000248.p.9.s.3|27|1|520|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.1.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.1.s.2|34|1|1240|alpino_lc|779
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.1.s.3|12|1|1110|alpino_lc|829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.1.s.4|13|1|420|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.2.s.1|9|1|500|alpino_lc|658
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.2.s.2|29|1|5290|alpino_lc|9778
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.2.s.3|18|1|1600|alpino_lc|922
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.3.s.1|33|1|5310|alpino_lc|2687
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.3.s.2|18|1|390|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.3.s.3|28|1|2330|alpino_lc|1641
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.3.s.4|22|1|22440|alpino_lc|4241
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.1|7|1|250|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.2|24|1|3340|alpino_lc|2020
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.3|27|1|3550|alpino_lc|1255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.4|20|1|470|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.5|18|1|230|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.6|8|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.4.s.7|12|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.1|11|1|490|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.3|21|1|1580|alpino_lc|1257
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.4|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.5|13|1|730|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.6|27|1|5310|alpino_lc|2063
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.7|19|1|780|alpino_lc|994
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.8|6|1|150|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.9|11|1|390|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.5.s.10|14|1|370|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.6.s.1|23|1|2660|alpino_lc|1331
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.6.s.2|25|1|3880|alpino_lc|1880
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.6.s.3|13|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.6.s.4|9|1|290|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.6.s.5|16|1|700|alpino_lc|883
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.1|15|1|680|alpino_lc|553
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.2|19|1|250|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.3|22|1|890|alpino_lc|401
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.4|29|1|1210|alpino_lc|1170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.5|13|1|360|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.7.s.6|14|1|470|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.1|12|1|730|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.3|38|1|8660|alpino_lc|4952
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.4|6|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.5|15|1|360|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.6|23|1|740|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.7|43|1|21000|alpino_lc|7128
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.8.s.8|13|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.2|25|1|840|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.3|18|1|340|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.4|16|1|790|alpino_lc|963
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.5|13|1|260|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.6|37|1|870|alpino_lc|1159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.9.s.7|8|1|270|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.10.s.1|40|1|15010|alpino_lc|2816
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.10.s.2|26|1|3360|alpino_lc|1380
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.11.s.1|41|1|29180|alpino_lc|10646
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.11.s.2|24|1|4680|alpino_lc|3041
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.11.s.3|36|1|15190|alpino_lc|10259
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.11.s.4|15|1|800|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.11.s.5|10|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.1|20|1|1830|alpino_lc|1988
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.2|27|1|1950|alpino_lc|366
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.3|22|1|3790|alpino_lc|4496
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.4|13|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.5|22|1|3960|alpino_lc|1909
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.12.s.6|17|1|370|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.13.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.13.s.2|41|1|2920|alpino_lc|2548
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.13.s.3|21|1|1160|alpino_lc|703
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.13.s.4|13|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.13.s.5|16|1|3120|alpino_lc|2673
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.14.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.14.s.2|27|1|2010|alpino_lc|925
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.14.s.3|30|1|3700|alpino_lc|524
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.15.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.15.s.2|21|1|950|alpino_lc|1601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.15.s.3|18|1|610|alpino_lc|379
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.15.s.4|28|1|1650|alpino_lc|1617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.1|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|696
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.2|11|1|640|alpino_lc|908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.3|26|1|1180|alpino_lc|415
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.4|14|1|410|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.5|16|1|190|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000249.p.16.s.6|17|1|300|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.1.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.1.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.1.s.3|16|1|380|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.2.s.1|27|1|1070|alpino_lc|771
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.2.s.2|17|1|370|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.2.s.3|31|1|10150|alpino_lc|9483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.3.s.1|21|1|5240|alpino_lc|5821
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.3.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.3.s.3|16|1|3280|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.3.s.4|36|1|30970|alpino_lc|13067
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.4.s.1|24|1|1350|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.4.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|207
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.4.s.3|11|1|880|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.4.s.4|21|1|1900|alpino_lc|2275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.5.s.1|23|1|490|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.5.s.2|37|1|24550|alpino_lc|11096
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.5.s.3|21|1|830|alpino_lc|488
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.6.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.6.s.2|30|1|12720|alpino_lc|7284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.6.s.3|18|1|230|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.6.s.4|12|1|180|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.1|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|1208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.2|27|1|820|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.3|15|1|750|alpino_lc|325
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.4|25|1|510|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.5|12|1|550|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.6|19|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.7|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|709
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.7.s.8|7|1|60|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.1|12|1|800|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.2|24|1|3080|alpino_lc|1819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.3|23|1|2470|alpino_lc|1959
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.4|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|1064
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.5|15|1|2420|alpino_lc|1312
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.8.s.6|19|1|2040|alpino_lc|1676
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.9.s.1|37|1|12140|alpino_lc|3827
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.10.s.1|20|1|600|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.10.s.2|24|1|2290|alpino_lc|1963
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.10.s.3|20|1|2680|alpino_lc|1146
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.11.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.11.s.2|50|1|22000|alpino_lc|7081
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.11.s.3|22|1|630|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.12.s.1|30|1|1530|alpino_lc|550
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.12.s.2|29|1|11180|alpino_lc|5012
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.12.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.12.s.4|14|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.13.s.1|42|1|2540|alpino_lc|1480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.13.s.2|17|1|710|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.13.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.13.s.4|23|1|1470|alpino_lc|930
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.13.s.5|12|1|320|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.2|25|1|680|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.3|29|1|6390|alpino_lc|1595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.4|34|1|2240|alpino_lc|1341
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.5|23|1|620|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.6|22|1|430|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.7|6|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.14.s.8|23|1|950|alpino_lc|450
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.15.s.1|17|1|670|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.15.s.2|32|1|3830|alpino_lc|2608
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.15.s.3|10|1|440|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.16.s.1|37|1|25310|alpino_lc|6450
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.16.s.2|30|1|1830|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.16.s.3|14|1|360|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.17.s.1|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|838
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.17.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.17.s.3|14|1|390|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.3|18|1|380|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.4|15|1|330|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.18.s.7|25|1|3880|alpino_lc|1789
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.19.s.1|25|1|10580|alpino_lc|12729
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.19.s.2|37|1|8120|alpino_lc|2454
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.20.s.1|23|1|7560|alpino_lc|1563
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.20.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000250.p.20.s.3|13|1|310|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.1.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.1.s.2|15|1|4060|alpino_lc|3220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.2.s.1|12|1|540|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.2.s.2|12|1|830|alpino_lc|807
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.2.s.3|26|1|42850|alpino_lc|79928
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.3.s.1|10|1|760|alpino_lc|571
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.3.s.2|8|1|250|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.3.s.3|16|1|5300|alpino_lc|3917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.3.s.4|39|1|51330|alpino_lc|53138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.3.s.5|26|1|5220|alpino_lc|4733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.1|12|1|850|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.2|12|1|480|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.3|12|1|260|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.4|17|1|640|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.5|8|1|180|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.6|25|1|4440|alpino_lc|2927
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.7|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.4.s.8|6|1|200|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.1|26|1|11290|alpino_lc|3036
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.2|24|1|1760|alpino_lc|832
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.4|18|1|850|alpino_lc|1149
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.7|8|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.8|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.9|24|1|2390|alpino_lc|2504
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.5.s.10|23|1|3490|alpino_lc|2476
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.6.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.6.s.2|35|1|1760|alpino_lc|927
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.6.s.3|23|1|1400|alpino_lc|906
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.6.s.4|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|1109
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.6.s.5|28|1|1880|alpino_lc|1989
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.7.s.1|17|1|440|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.7.s.2|33|1|29450|alpino_lc|5492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.8.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.8.s.2|23|1|1140|alpino_lc|734
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.8.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.8.s.4|23|1|1130|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.8.s.5|22|1|330|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.9.s.1|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.9.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.9.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.9.s.4|18|1|920|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.9.s.5|31|1|10400|alpino_lc|1187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.2|25|1|730|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.4|17|1|360|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.5|13|1|580|alpino_lc|515
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.10.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.11.s.1|17|1|2310|alpino_lc|1855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.11.s.2|34|1|16560|alpino_lc|2676
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.11.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.11.s.4|15|1|360|alpino_lc|239
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.11.s.5|28|1|6240|alpino_lc|3737
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.12.s.1|22|1|5290|alpino_lc|6780
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.12.s.2|32|1|7200|alpino_lc|4786
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.12.s.3|16|1|200|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.12.s.4|52|1|3410|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.13.s.1|20|1|850|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.13.s.2|37|1|3590|alpino_lc|1330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.13.s.3|27|1|1500|alpino_lc|1160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.14.s.1|30|1|8920|alpino_lc|5030
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.14.s.2|26|1|1630|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.14.s.3|24|1|800|alpino_lc|565
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.14.s.4|29|1|28770|alpino_lc|24976
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.14.s.5|13|1|950|alpino_lc|867
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.15.s.1|23|1|19850|alpino_lc|19320
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.15.s.2|14|1|1640|alpino_lc|1543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.15.s.3|18|1|660|alpino_lc|742
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.15.s.4|42|1|2670|alpino_lc|1437
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.16.s.1|43|1|1310|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.16.s.2|26|1|4830|alpino_lc|2856
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.17.s.1|13|1|920|alpino_lc|917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.17.s.2|25|1|4060|alpino_lc|1747
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.17.s.3|30|1|2230|alpino_lc|2368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.17.s.4|17|1|470|alpino_lc|470
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000251.p.18.s.1|37|1|3890|alpino_lc|3753
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.1.s.1|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1242
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.1.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.2|12|1|350|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.3|13|1|310|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.4|13|1|150|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.5|18|1|600|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.6|15|1|830|alpino_lc|1106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.7|16|1|880|alpino_lc|552
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.8|12|1|280|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.2.s.9|27|1|9750|alpino_lc|10582
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.1|34|1|21980|alpino_lc|7203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.2|19|1|720|alpino_lc|822
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.3|18|1|2330|alpino_lc|1221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.4|22|1|1020|alpino_lc|903
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.5|21|1|840|alpino_lc|710
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.3.s.6|23|1|3330|alpino_lc|2330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.4.s.1|22|1|1970|alpino_lc|1044
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.4.s.2|29|1|1080|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.4.s.3|14|1|400|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.4.s.4|14|1|560|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.5.s.1|26|1|1830|alpino_lc|883
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.5.s.2|29|1|3320|alpino_lc|1181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.5.s.3|35|1|4400|alpino_lc|2294
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.5.s.4|19|1|2070|alpino_lc|1373
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.6.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.6.s.2|33|1|15510|alpino_lc|4272
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.6.s.3|27|1|6700|alpino_lc|4154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.6.s.4|17|1|330|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.2|11|1|540|alpino_lc|480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.3|24|1|1680|alpino_lc|1862
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.4|17|1|800|alpino_lc|419
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.5|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|1730
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.7.s.6|36|1|2550|alpino_lc|2606
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.8.s.1|28|1|370|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.8.s.2|30|1|990|alpino_lc|595
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.8.s.3|27|1|6680|alpino_lc|1107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.8.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.3|16|1|170|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.4|22|1|250|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.5|11|1|440|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.6|9|1|260|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.7|17|1|910|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.8|21|1|550|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.9.s.9|16|1|1250|alpino_lc|879
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.1|16|1|740|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.3|18|1|510|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.4|10|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.5|8|1|240|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.6|12|1|230|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.7|17|1|650|alpino_lc|352
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.8|13|1|1320|alpino_lc|417
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.9|16|1|590|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.10|6|1|280|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.10.s.11|12|1|170|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.11.s.1|23|1|590|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.11.s.2|15|1|300|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.11.s.3|8|1|200|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.11.s.4|21|1|650|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.12.s.1|24|1|580|alpino_lc|405
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.12.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.12.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.12.s.4|18|1|730|alpino_lc|668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.13.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.13.s.2|15|1|1900|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.13.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.1|27|1|11430|alpino_lc|1360
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.3|22|1|840|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.4|26|1|13860|alpino_lc|1415
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.6|9|1|550|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.14.s.7|10|1|220|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.15.s.1|16|1|390|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.15.s.2|18|1|3510|alpino_lc|1661
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.15.s.3|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|765
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.15.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|721
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.15.s.5|13|1|850|alpino_lc|855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.16.s.1|20|1|6770|alpino_lc|4301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.16.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.16.s.3|19|1|900|alpino_lc|950
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.16.s.4|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|852
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.16.s.5|17|1|290|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.17.s.1|25|1|3780|alpino_lc|2441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.17.s.2|45|1|19290|alpino_lc|14319
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.17.s.3|14|1|1540|alpino_lc|1488
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.18.s.1|28|1|9330|alpino_lc|6198
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.18.s.2|25|1|820|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.18.s.3|29|1|730|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.19.s.1|14|1|930|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.19.s.2|19|1|290|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.1|21|1|1700|alpino_lc|2032
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.2|15|1|740|alpino_lc|643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.3|20|1|1820|alpino_lc|1456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.4|13|1|740|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.5|17|1|290|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.6|15|1|1550|alpino_lc|841
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.7|28|1|16740|alpino_lc|5637
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.20.s.8|15|1|180|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.21.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.21.s.2|8|1|240|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.21.s.3|20|1|2400|alpino_lc|2456
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.21.s.4|15|1|370|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.21.s.5|16|1|900|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.22.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.22.s.2|15|1|11400|alpino_lc|4148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.22.s.3|27|1|3230|alpino_lc|2308
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.22.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.22.s.5|8|1|560|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.23.s.1|24|1|5110|alpino_lc|1837
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.23.s.2|27|1|7880|alpino_lc|2036
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.23.s.3|12|1|470|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.23.s.4|22|1|2640|alpino_lc|1356
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000252.p.23.s.5|16|1|600|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.1.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.3|24|1|1640|alpino_lc|2458
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.4|8|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.5|10|1|200|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.6|7|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.2.s.7|23|1|26470|alpino_lc|41709
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.3.s.1|12|1|400|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.3.s.2|19|1|790|alpino_lc|926
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.3.s.3|15|1|1120|alpino_lc|992
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.4.s.1|13|1|340|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.4.s.2|20|1|1270|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.4.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.4.s.4|16|1|3290|alpino_lc|3238
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.4.s.5|19|1|840|alpino_lc|680
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.5.s.1|17|1|540|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.5.s.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.5.s.3|19|1|5260|alpino_lc|4238
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.5.s.4|22|1|2540|alpino_lc|848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.5.s.5|27|1|5060|alpino_lc|1866
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.1|20|1|2370|alpino_lc|2093
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.2|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|416
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.3|19|1|810|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.4|19|1|870|alpino_lc|673
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.5|27|1|910|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.6|10|1|710|alpino_lc|516
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.6.s.7|26|1|730|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.7.s.1|8|1|210|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.7.s.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.7.s.3|9|1|240|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.7.s.4|36|1|13340|alpino_lc|7338
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.8.s.1|34|1|6420|alpino_lc|5396
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.8.s.2|19|1|680|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.8.s.3|31|1|4310|alpino_lc|1432
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.8.s.4|20|1|7780|alpino_lc|3387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.8.s.5|28|1|1790|alpino_lc|1238
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.1|6|1|120|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.3|16|1|330|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.4|19|1|410|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.5|13|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.6|8|1|180|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.7|18|1|540|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.8|23|1|910|alpino_lc|438
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.9|29|1|3930|alpino_lc|1249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.9.s.10|30|1|14930|alpino_lc|4438
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.10.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.10.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.10.s.3|11|1|440|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.10.s.4|11|1|240|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.10.s.5|19|1|2130|alpino_lc|2395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.1|18|1|150|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.2|8|1|300|alpino_lc|289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.3|40|1|13770|alpino_lc|3893
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.5|10|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.6|26|1|560|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.11.s.7|17|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.12.s.1|54|1|100360|alpino_lc|28829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.12.s.2|20|1|3200|alpino_lc|3329
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.12.s.3|26|1|1070|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.12.s.4|4|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.13.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.13.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.13.s.3|31|1|3390|alpino_lc|1495
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.13.s.4|16|1|270|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.13.s.5|25|1|880|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.1|10|1|860|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.3|22|1|10840|alpino_lc|4770
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.5|9|1|150|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.6|14|1|660|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.14.s.7|7|1|310|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.15.s.1|27|1|4430|alpino_lc|992
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.15.s.2|6|1|210|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000253.p.15.s.3|20|1|320|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.1.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.1.s.2|24|1|990|alpino_lc|643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.1|23|1|9030|alpino_lc|6209
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.2|12|1|510|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.3|27|1|4260|alpino_lc|2018
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.5|31|1|2120|alpino_lc|1150
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.2.s.6|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.3.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.3.s.2|41|1|27110|alpino_lc|1430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.3.s.3|14|1|150|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.3.s.4|10|1|260|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.3.s.5|39|1|16910|alpino_lc|3154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.1|12|1|410|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.2|14|1|870|alpino_lc|683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.4|6|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.6|13|1|360|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.7|16|1|260|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.8|15|1|410|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.9|23|1|1580|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.10|15|1|940|alpino_lc|656
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.11|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.4.s.12|32|1|740|alpino_lc|610
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.5.s.1|19|1|490|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.5.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.5.s.3|28|1|920|alpino_lc|869
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.5.s.4|12|1|230|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.1|10|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.2|19|1|350|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.3|39|1|6060|alpino_lc|3055
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.4|21|1|1500|alpino_lc|782
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.5|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|2520
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.6|15|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.6.s.7|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|1378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.3|13|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.4|15|1|390|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.5|17|1|230|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.6|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.7.s.7|27|1|2780|alpino_lc|1367
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.8.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.8.s.2|13|1|490|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.8.s.3|24|1|7840|alpino_lc|2000
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.2|20|1|1570|alpino_lc|1420
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.3|16|1|220|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.5|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|1743
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.6|19|1|480|alpino_lc|408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.9.s.7|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.1|29|1|8880|alpino_lc|2073
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.2|26|1|1220|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.4|20|1|1630|alpino_lc|1947
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.5|16|1|770|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.6|14|1|210|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.10.s.7|11|1|210|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.2|25|1|2150|alpino_lc|677
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.3|21|1|1560|alpino_lc|834
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.4|32|1|2310|alpino_lc|1679
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.5|20|1|630|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.11.s.6|22|1|4710|alpino_lc|7895
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.3|32|1|7270|alpino_lc|3289
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.4|12|1|400|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.5|7|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.6|15|1|590|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.7|20|1|1990|alpino_lc|912
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.8|22|1|840|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.9|10|1|360|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.12.s.10|15|1|470|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.13.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.13.s.2|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|461
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.13.s.3|16|1|990|alpino_lc|550
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.13.s.4|23|1|830|alpino_lc|517
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000254.p.13.s.5|34|1|7760|alpino_lc|4370
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.1.s.1|15|1|630|alpino_lc|445
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.1|29|1|400|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.3|16|1|1080|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.4|9|1|430|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.5|23|1|2530|alpino_lc|1087
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.2.s.7|19|1|370|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.1|13|1|440|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.2|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|808
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.4|11|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.5|14|1|1850|alpino_lc|1263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.6|23|1|1090|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.7|18|1|530|alpino_lc|466
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.8|14|1|280|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.3.s.9|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|394
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.1|10|1|520|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.2|26|1|9420|alpino_lc|6839
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.3|8|1|170|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.4|25|1|790|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.5|37|1|14840|alpino_lc|7148
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.6|16|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.7|11|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.4.s.8|17|1|500|alpino_lc|457
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.1|12|1|420|alpino_lc|530
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.2|18|1|430|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.3|30|1|3370|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.6|11|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.7|17|1|270|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.8|19|1|470|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.9|13|1|330|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.10|8|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.5.s.11|16|1|4690|alpino_lc|2683
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.2|14|1|620|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.3|15|1|260|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.4|22|1|730|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.5|11|1|170|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.6|16|1|350|alpino_lc|415
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.7|18|1|750|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.8|12|1|220|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.6.s.9|18|1|620|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.1|22|1|1350|alpino_lc|1882
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.2|22|1|2830|alpino_lc|581
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.3|21|1|880|alpino_lc|601
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.4|16|1|420|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.5|16|1|350|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.6|19|1|420|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.7|26|1|4270|alpino_lc|1172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.7.s.8|15|1|670|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.1|27|1|2380|alpino_lc|1886
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.2|25|1|1800|alpino_lc|2013
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.3|41|1|3220|alpino_lc|1170
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.4|8|1|200|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.5|12|1|220|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.6|15|1|750|alpino_lc|645
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.7|17|1|220|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.8|11|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.9|10|1|220|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.10|16|1|380|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.11|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|1752
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.8.s.12|14|1|230|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.1|23|1|960|alpino_lc|495
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.3|14|1|380|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.4|31|1|730|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.5|16|1|860|alpino_lc|918
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000255.p.9.s.6|13|1|290|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.1.s.1|16|1|1910|alpino_lc|1586
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.2.s.1|14|1|540|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.2.s.2|12|1|1160|alpino_lc|878
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.2.s.3|34|1|2070|alpino_lc|888
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.2.s.4|24|1|3010|alpino_lc|2546
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.2.s.5|10|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.3.s.1|26|1|4730|alpino_lc|1848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.3.s.2|17|1|490|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.3.s.3|18|1|1260|alpino_lc|1454
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.4.s.1|40|1|18100|alpino_lc|4186
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.4.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.4.s.3|37|1|1250|alpino_lc|860
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.4.s.4|13|1|470|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.4.s.5|23|1|610|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.5.s.1|37|1|4510|alpino_lc|3467
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.5.s.2|15|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.5.s.3|17|1|720|alpino_lc|819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.6.s.1|26|1|510|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.6.s.2|44|1|5080|alpino_lc|1856
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.3|12|1|710|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.4|12|1|230|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.5|13|1|510|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.6|14|1|210|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.7.s.7|34|1|40880|alpino_lc|48180
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.8.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.8.s.2|24|1|970|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.8.s.3|23|1|1420|alpino_lc|838
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.2|16|1|430|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.3|27|1|2640|alpino_lc|2069
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.4|24|1|2360|alpino_lc|2383
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.5|11|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.9.s.6|10|1|260|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.10.s.1|33|1|3950|alpino_lc|1560
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.10.s.2|7|1|240|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.10.s.3|22|1|600|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.10.s.4|9|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.10.s.5|6|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.3|21|1|2430|alpino_lc|1756
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.4|26|1|3330|alpino_lc|1413
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.5|23|1|16890|alpino_lc|10330
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.11.s.6|33|1|6300|alpino_lc|3023
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.12.s.1|20|1|1630|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.12.s.2|28|1|2840|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.12.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.12.s.4|31|1|1860|alpino_lc|765
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.13.s.1|20|1|870|alpino_lc|580
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.13.s.2|28|1|840|alpino_lc|670
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.13.s.3|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|1173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.13.s.4|14|1|220|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.1|25|1|5150|alpino_lc|1819
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.2|18|1|6490|alpino_lc|5441
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.3|13|1|400|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.5|20|1|460|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.14.s.6|28|1|3050|alpino_lc|1368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|270
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.4|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|584
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.5|15|1|690|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.6|8|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.7|20|1|3130|alpino_lc|3079
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000256.p.15.s.8|16|1|2070|alpino_lc|1854
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.1.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.1.s.2|50|1|33370|alpino_lc|19291
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.1.s.3|8|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.1.s.4|17|1|610|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.1|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|814
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.2|20|1|640|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.3|23|1|1130|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.4|14|1|2560|alpino_lc|2057
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.5|11|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.6|11|1|190|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.7|13|1|670|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.2.s.8|21|1|410|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.3.s.1|32|1|4220|alpino_lc|3427
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.3.s.2|20|1|890|alpino_lc|540
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.4.s.1|16|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.4.s.2|26|1|3450|alpino_lc|3608
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.4.s.3|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|1766
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.4.s.4|24|1|6550|alpino_lc|1430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.1|7|1|560|alpino_lc|729
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.3|26|1|1290|alpino_lc|354
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.4|14|1|580|alpino_lc|212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.5|30|1|1120|alpino_lc|528
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.5.s.6|7|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.6.s.1|17|1|480|alpino_lc|375
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.6.s.2|44|1|40820|alpino_lc|3266
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.7.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.7.s.2|14|1|350|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.7.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.7.s.4|34|1|3480|alpino_lc|1684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000257.p.7.s.5|27|1|1000|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.1.s.1|24|1|5560|alpino_lc|2777
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.1.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.2.s.1|20|1|670|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.2.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.2.s.3|34|1|13960|alpino_lc|586
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.2.s.4|25|1|1110|alpino_lc|677
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.3.s.1|24|1|1480|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.3.s.2|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|670
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.3.s.3|25|1|1060|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.3.s.4|17|1|5080|alpino_lc|5434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.3.s.5|38|1|12000|alpino_lc|11712
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.1|45|1|4610|alpino_lc|1940
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.2|19|1|1890|alpino_lc|1278
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.3|14|1|280|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.4|14|1|350|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.5|15|1|290|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.4.s.6|46|1|5210|alpino_lc|2812
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.5.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.5.s.2|19|1|1310|alpino_lc|433
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.5.s.3|24|1|1190|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.6.s.1|34|1|7700|alpino_lc|2428
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.6.s.2|59|1|437740|alpino_lc|193520
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.6.s.3|27|1|49680|alpino_lc|27583
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.1|17|1|1460|alpino_lc|1227
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.2|15|1|580|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.3|22|1|1370|alpino_lc|1074
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.4|37|1|8960|alpino_lc|4692
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.7.s.6|19|1|330|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.8.s.1|20|1|560|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.8.s.2|31|1|4510|alpino_lc|1829
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.8.s.3|34|1|2390|alpino_lc|2391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.9.s.1|47|1|168130|alpino_lc|50512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.9.s.2|49|1|54010|alpino_lc|10448
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.10.s.1|29|1|1520|alpino_lc|1480
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.10.s.2|44|1|12700|alpino_lc|1606
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.11.s.1|19|1|830|alpino_lc|256
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.11.s.2|42|1|9180|alpino_lc|1580
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.11.s.3|23|1|2240|alpino_lc|1156
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.12.s.1|37|1|28840|alpino_lc|16980
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.12.s.2|20|1|560|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.12.s.3|14|1|750|alpino_lc|802
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.13.s.1|24|1|1090|alpino_lc|593
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.13.s.2|53|1|16190|alpino_lc|13880
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.13.s.3|16|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.14.s.1|20|1|680|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.14.s.2|25|1|3470|alpino_lc|2498
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.14.s.3|42|1|5570|alpino_lc|1804
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.15.s.1|50|1|2800|alpino_lc|684
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.15.s.2|37|1|2750|alpino_lc|740
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.15.s.3|17|1|230|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.16.s.1|34|1|19870|alpino_lc|7552
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.16.s.2|44|1|11160|alpino_lc|1924
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.16.s.3|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.17.s.1|50|1|20940|alpino_lc|2263
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.17.s.2|35|1|1280|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.17.s.3|39|1|34830|alpino_lc|4166
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.1|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|576
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.2|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|1176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.3|41|1|37700|alpino_lc|2378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.4|14|1|540|alpino_lc|689
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.5|29|1|2510|alpino_lc|780
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.6|6|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.7|19|1|430|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.18.s.8|13|1|740|alpino_lc|1129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.19.s.1|26|1|3350|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.19.s.2|47|1|28110|alpino_lc|7021
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.20.s.1|49|1|190460|alpino_lc|72195
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.20.s.2|29|1|2520|alpino_lc|1029
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.21.s.1|36|1|9730|alpino_lc|1805
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.21.s.2|26|1|1830|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.21.s.3|18|1|4500|alpino_lc|2537
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000258.p.21.s.4|13|1|510|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.1.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.2.s.1|5|1|230|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.2.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.2.s.3|30|1|4370|alpino_lc|3918
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.3.s.1|23|1|2370|alpino_lc|1477
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.3.s.2|19|1|770|alpino_lc|352
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.3.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.3.s.4|21|1|420|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.3.s.5|13|1|330|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.4.s.1|17|1|220|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.4.s.2|29|1|1070|alpino_lc|484
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.4.s.3|11|1|690|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.4.s.4|24|1|390|alpino_lc|231
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.5.s.1|21|1|2160|alpino_lc|2848
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.5.s.2|20|1|5030|alpino_lc|3523
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.6.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.6.s.2|24|1|780|alpino_lc|1054
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.6.s.3|5|1|270|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.7.s.1|18|1|2270|alpino_lc|691
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.7.s.2|12|1|330|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.7.s.3|31|1|3350|alpino_lc|3296
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.2|14|1|210|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.3|28|1|2050|alpino_lc|1701
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.4|16|1|290|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.5|22|1|12980|alpino_lc|7668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.8.s.6|10|1|330|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.9.s.1|20|1|550|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.9.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.9.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.10.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.10.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.10.s.3|14|1|870|alpino_lc|455
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.10.s.4|9|1|290|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000259.p.10.s.5|9|1|360|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.1.s.1|31|1|4310|alpino_lc|756
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.2.s.1|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.2.s.2|30|1|1110|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.2.s.3|18|1|1490|alpino_lc|1175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.2.s.4|22|1|730|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.2.s.5|8|1|510|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.3.s.1|20|1|1330|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.3.s.2|21|1|2110|alpino_lc|936
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.3.s.3|25|1|840|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.4.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.4.s.2|37|1|37710|alpino_lc|30739
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.4.s.3|11|1|940|alpino_lc|993
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.4.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.4.s.5|22|1|720|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.5.s.1|23|1|3570|alpino_lc|1500
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.5.s.2|28|1|2240|alpino_lc|1854
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.5.s.3|22|1|1750|alpino_lc|2023
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.5.s.4|11|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.6.s.1|21|1|380|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.6.s.2|22|1|1410|alpino_lc|767
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.6.s.3|16|1|540|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.6.s.4|21|1|820|alpino_lc|598
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.7.s.1|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|917
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.7.s.2|29|1|2040|alpino_lc|750
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.7.s.3|24|1|1390|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.8.s.1|27|1|570|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.8.s.2|17|1|250|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.9.s.1|31|1|1670|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.9.s.2|24|1|1100|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.9.s.3|12|1|450|alpino_lc|503
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.9.s.4|24|1|5700|alpino_lc|2038
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.10.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.10.s.2|16|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.10.s.3|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|671
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.11.s.1|22|1|1020|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.11.s.2|21|1|190|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.12.s.1|22|1|650|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.12.s.2|26|1|2750|alpino_lc|1041
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.13.s.1|15|1|800|alpino_lc|760
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.13.s.2|20|1|640|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000260.p.13.s.3|14|1|450|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.1.s.1|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|2080
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.1.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.2.s.1|29|1|6800|alpino_lc|11306
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.2.s.2|23|1|5910|alpino_lc|1121
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.2.s.3|32|1|630|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.3.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.3.s.2|18|1|940|alpino_lc|728
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.3.s.3|36|1|9560|alpino_lc|11512
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.4.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.4.s.2|21|1|1270|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.4.s.3|35|1|34560|alpino_lc|9908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.4.s.4|12|1|780|alpino_lc|718
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.5.s.1|31|1|1800|alpino_lc|544
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.6.s.1|8|1|370|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.6.s.2|18|1|630|alpino_lc|511
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.6.s.3|53|1|33910|alpino_lc|6812
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.7.s.1|41|1|10940|alpino_lc|3661
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.7.s.2|18|1|14190|alpino_lc|6197
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.8.s.1|19|1|1380|alpino_lc|1672
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.8.s.2|45|1|2210|alpino_lc|668
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.9.s.1|42|1|1310|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.10.s.1|45|1|14250|alpino_lc|3578
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.10.s.2|23|1|690|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.11.s.1|28|1|2810|alpino_lc|1416
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.12.s.1|21|1|1470|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.12.s.2|60|1|6170|alpino_lc|8187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.13.s.1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.13.s.2|49|1|2950|alpino_lc|1754
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.13.s.3|23|1|910|alpino_lc|768
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.14.s.1|32|1|6470|alpino_lc|7958
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.14.s.2|23|1|270|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.14.s.3|26|1|28400|alpino_lc|11978
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.15.s.1|30|1|950|alpino_lc|537
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.15.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.15.s.3|50|1|26580|alpino_lc|19175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.16.s.1|25|1|670|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.16.s.2|31|1|760|alpino_lc|628
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.17.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.17.s.2|26|1|1740|alpino_lc|1200
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.17.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.18.s.1|12|1|90|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.18.s.2|21|1|1520|alpino_lc|726
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.18.s.3|36|1|1800|alpino_lc|1134
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.18.s.4|20|1|540|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.19.s.1|38|1|4030|alpino_lc|1775
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.19.s.2|34|1|10260|alpino_lc|7537
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.20.s.1|19|1|1760|alpino_lc|1054
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.20.s.2|34|1|1610|alpino_lc|1230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.21.s.1|26|1|1850|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.22.s.1|21|1|920|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.22.s.2|23|1|470|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.22.s.3|26|1|3990|alpino_lc|1682
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.23.s.1|26|1|1370|alpino_lc|611
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.23.s.2|16|1|370|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.24.s.1|28|1|16410|alpino_lc|6810
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.24.s.2|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.25.s.1|22|1|670|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.25.s.2|35|1|2640|alpino_lc|3165
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.25.s.3|18|1|400|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.25.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.26.s.1|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|643
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.26.s.2|57|1|47420|alpino_lc|35261
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.27.s.1|30|1|5480|alpino_lc|1210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.27.s.2|37|1|4630|alpino_lc|4213
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.27.s.3|16|1|210|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.28.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.28.s.2|24|1|1780|alpino_lc|1310
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.28.s.3|38|1|8630|alpino_lc|735
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.29.s.1|34|1|1450|alpino_lc|564
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.29.s.2|28|1|2730|alpino_lc|2308
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.30.s.1|34|1|16830|alpino_lc|8856
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.30.s.2|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.30.s.3|16|1|820|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.30.s.4|28|1|5340|alpino_lc|4501
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.31.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.31.s.2|20|1|1920|alpino_lc|2080
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.31.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.31.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.31.s.5|22|1|1000|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.32.s.1|17|1|850|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.32.s.2|29|1|3430|alpino_lc|2540
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.32.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.33.s.1|27|1|3450|alpino_lc|1359
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.33.s.2|44|1|17730|alpino_lc|17474
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.34.s.1|13|1|330|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.34.s.2|24|1|320|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000261.p.35.s.1|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.1.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.2.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|415
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.2.s.2|34|1|3650|alpino_lc|2000
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.3.s.1|27|1|11730|alpino_lc|6254
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.3.s.2|13|1|370|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.3.s.3|14|1|150|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.4.s.1|41|1|27050|alpino_lc|5334
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.5.s.1|24|1|5900|alpino_lc|4487
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.5.s.2|13|1|370|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.5.s.3|23|1|790|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.5.s.4|19|1|1100|alpino_lc|839
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.2|23|1|1810|alpino_lc|1094
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.3|20|1|270|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.4|14|1|500|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.5|6|1|110|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.6.s.6|15|1|4050|alpino_lc|4212
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.7.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.7.s.2|41|1|21300|alpino_lc|33391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.7.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.7.s.4|12|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.8.s.1|20|1|2060|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.8.s.2|26|1|14550|alpino_lc|12370
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.9.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.9.s.2|30|1|12060|alpino_lc|5922
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.9.s.3|30|1|2830|alpino_lc|3171
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000262.p.10.s.1|15|1|860|alpino_lc|444
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.1.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.1.s.2|15|1|1410|alpino_lc|1474
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.1.s.3|50|1|6450|alpino_lc|7038
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.1.s.4|14|1|390|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.2.s.1|37|1|16690|alpino_lc|5115
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.2.s.2|17|1|460|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.3.s.1|14|1|200|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.3.s.2|35|1|11000|alpino_lc|4033
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.3.s.3|16|1|310|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.3.s.4|23|1|1110|alpino_lc|584
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.1|15|1|360|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.2|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|1158
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.4|25|1|680|alpino_lc|334
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.5|23|1|660|alpino_lc|500
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.4.s.6|11|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.5.s.1|37|1|2400|alpino_lc|1006
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.5.s.2|18|1|4600|alpino_lc|3233
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.6.s.1|26|1|600|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.6.s.2|35|1|14200|alpino_lc|3558
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.7.s.1|19|1|2090|alpino_lc|708
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.7.s.2|23|1|590|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.7.s.3|30|1|1460|alpino_lc|1108
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.7.s.4|21|1|1050|alpino_lc|644
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.8.s.1|25|1|7790|alpino_lc|3536
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.8.s.2|18|1|810|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.8.s.3|27|1|1900|alpino_lc|1655
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.9.s.1|53|1|96330|alpino_lc|108368
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.9.s.2|23|1|2680|alpino_lc|1662
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.9.s.3|29|1|2800|alpino_lc|1391
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.9.s.4|28|1|4860|alpino_lc|1388
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.10.s.1|20|1|8390|alpino_lc|8068
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.10.s.2|18|1|440|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000263.p.10.s.3|17|1|660|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.1.s.1|17|1|430|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.1.s.2|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.2.s.1|25|1|580|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.2.s.2|34|1|2900|alpino_lc|607
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.2.s.3|28|1|4280|alpino_lc|840
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.3.s.1|34|1|4740|alpino_lc|1891
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.4.s.1|26|1|12870|alpino_lc|13218
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.5.s.1|28|1|590|alpino_lc|648
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.5.s.2|36|1|9150|alpino_lc|1699
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.5.s.3|29|1|5770|alpino_lc|3733
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.1|31|1|8800|alpino_lc|4038
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.4|29|1|2320|alpino_lc|1508
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.5|17|1|750|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.6.s.6|13|1|700|alpino_lc|855
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.7.s.1|30|1|1910|alpino_lc|492
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.7.s.2|19|1|620|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.7.s.3|14|1|720|alpino_lc|687
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.7.s.4|24|1|660|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.7.s.5|19|1|630|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.8.s.1|22|1|15150|alpino_lc|4709
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.8.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.8.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.8.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.1|24|1|1830|alpino_lc|1159
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.2|25|1|4360|alpino_lc|3962
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.3|23|1|6360|alpino_lc|1035
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.4|40|1|4650|alpino_lc|1908
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.5|22|1|490|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.9.s.7|27|1|1320|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.10.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.10.s.2|9|1|1100|alpino_lc|1363
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.11.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.11.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.11.s.3|18|1|460|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.11.s.4|28|1|12650|alpino_lc|8872
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.12.s.1|33|1|4740|alpino_lc|5766
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.12.s.2|35|1|4610|alpino_lc|4820
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.12.s.3|22|1|2080|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.12.s.4|11|1|370|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.12.s.5|22|1|270|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.13.s.1|76|1|107700|alpino_lc|23522
T#WR-P-P-I-0000000264.p.13.s.2|14|1|920|alpino_lc|590
