cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 15170 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 9850 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 6410 msec
cputime total 9890 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 17380 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 36730 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 13910 msec
cputime total 28940 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 11780 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 13380 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 12740 msec
cputime total 28830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 30480 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 8430 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 7440 msec
cputime total 15990 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 26210 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 9900 msec
cputime total 9500 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 21320 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20620 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 11180 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 26200 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4950 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 12250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 8480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 15640 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 77090 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 22070 msec
cputime total 7460 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 92990 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 50490 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 23080 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 13970 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 7530 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 11850 msec
cputime total 22530 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 35990 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 19440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 8330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 48660 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 11210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 18570 msec
cputime total 23610 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 12620 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 17600 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 45700 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 19470 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 19280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 9290 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 11350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 14600 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 15800 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 22870 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 25460 msec
cputime total 15730 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 9890 msec
cputime total 21110 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 21490 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 32620 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 18700 msec
cputime total 13700 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 11160 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 28700 msec
cputime total 38720 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 35800 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 7240 msec
cputime total 10490 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 24800 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 95760 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 13430 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 8650 msec
cputime total 15520 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 8310 msec
cputime total 13790 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 17170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 10790 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 28320 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 11830 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 5490 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 23070 msec
cputime total 72420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 9480 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 29490 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 10450 msec
cputime total 11890 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 25520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 6890 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 55990 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 29710 msec
cputime total 19360 msec
cputime total 17170 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 9790 msec
cputime total 15690 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 139060 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 25780 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 14160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 16820 msec
cputime total 20460 msec
cputime total 21760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 64290 msec
cputime total 120680 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 7480 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 45580 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 26670 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 13250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 158840 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6860 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 30580 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 18960 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 9490 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 49300 msec
cputime total 8130 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 27060 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 22850 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 17050 msec
cputime total 24130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10240 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 21450 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 12680 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 54670 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 14330 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 71510 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 39730 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6940 msec
cputime total 16830 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 27250 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 12220 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 26660 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 22570 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 67810 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 55900 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 13900 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 8150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 16910 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 30910 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 25670 msec
cputime total 14950 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 21580 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 17740 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 108950 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 11150 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 27440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 7450 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 6080 msec
cputime total 6570 msec
cputime total 7550 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 21790 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 8230 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 16750 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 11490 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 13540 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 26200 msec
cputime total 128530 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 20970 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 26850 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 16910 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 9680 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 15450 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 11830 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 18100 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 30430 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 5770 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 35970 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 9060 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 11900 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 28070 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 38560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 61910 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 11130 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 17530 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 64600 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 19720 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 23140 msec
cputime total 13720 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 42530 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 10920 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 17950 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 27470 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 57900 msec
cputime total 22780 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 11040 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 52570 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 24060 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 18300 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 14690 msec
cputime total 67530 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 21240 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 28970 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 33760 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 17020 msec
cputime total 19600 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 20290 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 19230 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 20920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 28350 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 17760 msec
cputime total 16840 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 11650 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 33830 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 7900 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 35010 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 12510 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 57040 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 10040 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 7870 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 8230 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 11260 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|206
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|17|1|1260|alpino_lc|786
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|28|1|4250|alpino_lc|1266
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|23|1|10900|alpino_lc|3745
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|923
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|13|1|390|alpino_lc|354
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|9|1|670|alpino_lc|321
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|15|1|670|alpino_lc|321
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|12|1|450|alpino_lc|140
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|41|1|15170|alpino_lc|2676
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|29|1|2690|alpino_lc|2171
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|15|1|400|alpino_lc|401
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|14|1|1360|alpino_lc|825
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|30|1|7040|alpino_lc|652
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|9|1|470|alpino_lc|290
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|30|1|4170|alpino_lc|1230
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|294
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|274
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|17|1|970|alpino_lc|824
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|5|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|34|1|10830|alpino_lc|8885
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.4|17|1|2480|alpino_lc|2100
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|140
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|29|1|4750|alpino_lc|1507
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|320
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|19|1|3140|alpino_lc|3376
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.5|24|1|9850|alpino_lc|8734
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|10|1|680|alpino_lc|779
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|131
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|23|1|3110|alpino_lc|875
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|14|1|390|alpino_lc|116
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|22|1|760|alpino_lc|192
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|63|1|2170|alpino_lc|1672
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|16|1|1980|alpino_lc|1311
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|33|1|6410|alpino_lc|10203
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|17|1|9890|alpino_lc|2373
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|16|1|820|alpino_lc|569
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|12|1|670|alpino_lc|911
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.6|8|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|13|1|420|alpino_lc|239
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.8|8|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|13|1|630|alpino_lc|794
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|25|1|860|alpino_lc|649
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|22|1|6110|alpino_lc|1769
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|26|1|1710|alpino_lc|697
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|7|1|250|alpino_lc|114
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|104
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|26|1|4530|alpino_lc|6672
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|6|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|38|1|17380|alpino_lc|4629
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|22|1|500|alpino_lc|209
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|19|1|1010|alpino_lc|1493
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|18|1|680|alpino_lc|483
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.4|41|1|10930|alpino_lc|9124
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|28|1|1880|alpino_lc|783
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|18|1|890|alpino_lc|996
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|1|500|alpino_lc|323
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|31|1|1490|alpino_lc|1119
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|50|1|36730|alpino_lc|9893
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|154
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|12|1|500|alpino_lc|329
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|24|1|1790|alpino_lc|2220
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|38|1|2740|alpino_lc|2213
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|23|1|1800|alpino_lc|2461
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|24|1|2110|alpino_lc|1770
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|34|1|2690|alpino_lc|1171
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|14|1|2930|alpino_lc|729
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|17|1|2180|alpino_lc|1549
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|33|1|3430|alpino_lc|1894
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.4|25|1|1550|alpino_lc|1355
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|199
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|15|1|270|alpino_lc|107
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|17|1|460|alpino_lc|144
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|32|1|1830|alpino_lc|979
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.6|10|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.8|16|1|2360|alpino_lc|1721
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|14|1|480|alpino_lc|387
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|33|1|13910|alpino_lc|10826
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|38|1|28940|alpino_lc|13500
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|28|1|6980|alpino_lc|4146
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|14|1|620|alpino_lc|268
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|266
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|21|1|710|alpino_lc|231
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|15|1|1170|alpino_lc|1487
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.4|15|1|790|alpino_lc|332
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.5|13|1|730|alpino_lc|386
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.6|14|1|1220|alpino_lc|730
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.7|18|1|610|alpino_lc|564
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.8|8|1|520|alpino_lc|275
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.9|21|1|970|alpino_lc|690
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.10|13|1|300|alpino_lc|288
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.11|11|1|310|alpino_lc|178
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|39|1|11780|alpino_lc|6429
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|25|1|1540|alpino_lc|1056
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|14|1|430|alpino_lc|344
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|20|1|1260|alpino_lc|699
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.4|18|1|490|alpino_lc|452
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|33|1|13380|alpino_lc|3689
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|46|1|8070|alpino_lc|5213
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|32|1|12740|alpino_lc|6802
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|20|1|28830|alpino_lc|7342
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.4|12|1|1590|alpino_lc|2394
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.5|33|1|1230|alpino_lc|1335
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|25|1|580|alpino_lc|390
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|10|1|290|alpino_lc|58
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|30|1|3390|alpino_lc|3929
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|18|1|350|alpino_lc|209
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|20|1|30480|alpino_lc|4760
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|59
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.3|16|1|730|alpino_lc|219
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.4|8|1|160|alpino_lc|55
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|231
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.2|38|1|8430|alpino_lc|1383
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|66
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.4|21|1|3890|alpino_lc|3149
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.5|8|1|200|alpino_lc|128
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|7|1|390|alpino_lc|479
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.2|14|1|290|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|58
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.4|12|1|470|alpino_lc|137
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.5|10|1|370|alpino_lc|209
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.1|23|1|1250|alpino_lc|1744
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|89
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.40.s.1|22|1|4890|alpino_lc|1064
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.40.s.2|34|1|1260|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.41.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|223
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|254
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|17|1|1740|alpino_lc|1623
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.44.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.45.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.1|14|1|960|alpino_lc|819
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.2|14|1|350|alpino_lc|193
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.3|21|1|5080|alpino_lc|2649
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.4|18|1|890|alpino_lc|494
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.1|13|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|79
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.3|17|1|580|alpino_lc|292
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.4|14|1|190|alpino_lc|105
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.5|10|1|180|alpino_lc|74
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.48.s.1|12|1|560|alpino_lc|445
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.48.s.2|16|1|1670|alpino_lc|2703
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.48.s.3|30|1|7440|alpino_lc|2903
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.49.s.1|38|1|15990|alpino_lc|10634
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.50.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|111
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|118
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|13|1|860|alpino_lc|686
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|1|300|alpino_lc|135
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|23|1|1920|alpino_lc|1129
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|1|4490|alpino_lc|3941
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|19|1|320|alpino_lc|182
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|118
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|28|1|2090|alpino_lc|1539
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|42|1|9040|alpino_lc|3624
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|21|1|690|alpino_lc|454
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|23|1|2400|alpino_lc|1678
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|20|1|6060|alpino_lc|1389
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|29|1|6370|alpino_lc|6908
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|30|1|1580|alpino_lc|1193
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|19|1|6680|alpino_lc|7140
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|15|1|190|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|24|1|2020|alpino_lc|439
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|36|1|26210|alpino_lc|26602
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|32|1|1370|alpino_lc|878
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|44|1|9900|alpino_lc|3415
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|34|1|9500|alpino_lc|4627
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|32|1|1250|alpino_lc|817
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|38|1|970|alpino_lc|335
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|23|1|1960|alpino_lc|1755
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|19|1|2640|alpino_lc|1876
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|26|1|4130|alpino_lc|1281
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|16|1|930|alpino_lc|1164
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|27|1|8370|alpino_lc|7674
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|82
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|471
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|22|1|690|alpino_lc|480
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|32|1|21320|alpino_lc|22457
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|30|1|1810|alpino_lc|343
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|36|1|3190|alpino_lc|1400
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|26|1|1710|alpino_lc|933
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|25|1|4450|alpino_lc|2111
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|35|1|2330|alpino_lc|935
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|26|1|10090|alpino_lc|4256
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|20|1|1080|alpino_lc|1144
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|8|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|22|1|1470|alpino_lc|1497
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|31|1|1250|alpino_lc|566
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|1|620|alpino_lc|700
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|20|1|3370|alpino_lc|2152
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|17|1|480|alpino_lc|343
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|78
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|17|1|470|alpino_lc|435
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|795
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|14|1|130|alpino_lc|96
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|31|1|20620|alpino_lc|17187
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|11|1|630|alpino_lc|238
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|19|1|560|alpino_lc|495
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|52|1|11180|alpino_lc|10881
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|39|1|4320|alpino_lc|2321
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|19|1|4530|alpino_lc|1560
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|183
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|701
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|21|1|1740|alpino_lc|1803
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|31|1|26200|alpino_lc|22571
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|19|1|5880|alpino_lc|2796
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|24|1|980|alpino_lc|726
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|27|1|1170|alpino_lc|358
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|17|1|2760|alpino_lc|971
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|27|1|1150|alpino_lc|373
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|23|1|800|alpino_lc|364
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|24|1|750|alpino_lc|297
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|1|520|alpino_lc|230
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|13|1|250|alpino_lc|193
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|23|1|3220|alpino_lc|680
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|21|1|2350|alpino_lc|1327
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|71
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|21|1|630|alpino_lc|319
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|27|1|4950|alpino_lc|4735
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|13|1|420|alpino_lc|545
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|199
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|24|1|1140|alpino_lc|419
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|18|1|2190|alpino_lc|1146
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|20|1|500|alpino_lc|122
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|23|1|1740|alpino_lc|1408
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|18|1|1900|alpino_lc|1195
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|35|1|950|alpino_lc|297
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|125
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|18|1|310|alpino_lc|127
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|37|1|1810|alpino_lc|323
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|15|1|300|alpino_lc|180
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|32|1|4960|alpino_lc|3434
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|1|3280|alpino_lc|3534
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|23|1|2340|alpino_lc|1649
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|27|1|2020|alpino_lc|1668
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|25|1|490|alpino_lc|92
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|296
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|14|1|470|alpino_lc|482
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|444
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|17|1|2970|alpino_lc|3804
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|43|1|12250|alpino_lc|7654
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|23|1|700|alpino_lc|527
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|34|1|5060|alpino_lc|1342
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|21|1|8480|alpino_lc|5203
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|13|1|220|alpino_lc|93
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|35|1|3250|alpino_lc|1845
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|203
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|8|1|320|alpino_lc|248
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|155
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|1|1900|alpino_lc|1261
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|13|1|410|alpino_lc|78
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|21|1|600|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|17|1|430|alpino_lc|312
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|39|1|2290|alpino_lc|1625
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|9|1|800|alpino_lc|694
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|14|1|270|alpino_lc|57
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|7|1|410|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|31|1|15640|alpino_lc|1489
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|13|1|1960|alpino_lc|1570
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|48|1|77090|alpino_lc|32637
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|17|1|600|alpino_lc|367
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|76
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|28|1|5850|alpino_lc|1866
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|44|1|22070|alpino_lc|5661
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|36|1|7460|alpino_lc|3506
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|31|1|1610|alpino_lc|574
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|30|1|2850|alpino_lc|1446
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|21|1|1830|alpino_lc|1207
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|40|1|4230|alpino_lc|2758
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|18|1|360|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|24|1|3440|alpino_lc|1278
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|37|1|92990|alpino_lc|33681
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|31|1|2950|alpino_lc|3048
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|39|1|3060|alpino_lc|569
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|33|1|50490|alpino_lc|15482
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|20|1|650|alpino_lc|197
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|18|1|2180|alpino_lc|1411
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|16|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|30|1|3150|alpino_lc|1621
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|96
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|24|1|1600|alpino_lc|637
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|28|1|23080|alpino_lc|5553
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|41|1|10930|alpino_lc|12679
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|48|1|5410|alpino_lc|4292
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|33|1|13970|alpino_lc|1435
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|26|1|1580|alpino_lc|1510
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|17|1|2600|alpino_lc|1365
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|20|1|450|alpino_lc|173
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|33|1|7530|alpino_lc|10940
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|28|1|950|alpino_lc|320
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|17|1|490|alpino_lc|505
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|20|1|340|alpino_lc|179
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|33|1|1590|alpino_lc|494
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|42|1|5380|alpino_lc|2502
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|40|1|940|alpino_lc|607
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|26|1|820|alpino_lc|596
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|17|1|400|alpino_lc|370
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|22|1|4720|alpino_lc|3430
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|43|1|1130|alpino_lc|376
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|23|1|860|alpino_lc|388
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|18|1|660|alpino_lc|376
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|22|1|430|alpino_lc|102
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.4|16|1|720|alpino_lc|384
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.5|10|1|360|alpino_lc|186
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|55|1|2220|alpino_lc|1239
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|173
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|22|1|1830|alpino_lc|1271
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|10|1|740|alpino_lc|679
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|572
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.5|16|1|370|alpino_lc|164
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|21|1|650|alpino_lc|186
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|21|1|11140|alpino_lc|11169
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|29|1|1440|alpino_lc|502
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|29|1|2930|alpino_lc|1198
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|27|1|1620|alpino_lc|846
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.31.s.2|26|1|11850|alpino_lc|11825
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|39|1|22530|alpino_lc|7940
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|29|1|6460|alpino_lc|11833
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|33|1|35990|alpino_lc|7689
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|34|1|4670|alpino_lc|2079
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|27|1|2490|alpino_lc|689
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|21|1|2140|alpino_lc|1078
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|20|1|310|alpino_lc|102
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|28|1|1290|alpino_lc|835
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|21|1|800|alpino_lc|395
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|6|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|15|1|730|alpino_lc|525
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|655
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|9|1|190|alpino_lc|125
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.6|30|1|19440|alpino_lc|17108
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.7|9|1|210|alpino_lc|66
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|21|1|330|alpino_lc|126
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|25|1|700|alpino_lc|440
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|50|1|8330|alpino_lc|7209
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|302
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|30|1|6770|alpino_lc|6840
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|26|1|1090|alpino_lc|372
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|14|1|890|alpino_lc|586
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|28|1|2240|alpino_lc|2769
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|418
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|45|1|48660|alpino_lc|7468
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|13|1|170|alpino_lc|47
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|23|1|3820|alpino_lc|3472
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|9|1|690|alpino_lc|555
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|1|780|alpino_lc|297
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|19|1|3530|alpino_lc|2783
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|15|1|700|alpino_lc|594
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|12|1|410|alpino_lc|212
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|1150
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|32|1|8760|alpino_lc|3505
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|38|1|9120|alpino_lc|6425
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|59
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|42|1|6490|alpino_lc|9790
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|39|1|11210|alpino_lc|7819
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|17|1|310|alpino_lc|116
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|36|1|9960|alpino_lc|6072
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|40|1|18570|alpino_lc|4808
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|39|1|23610|alpino_lc|5463
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|20|1|590|alpino_lc|748
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|12|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|28|1|12620|alpino_lc|2447
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|109
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|52|1|3590|alpino_lc|1260
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|27|1|2310|alpino_lc|1161
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|40|1|17600|alpino_lc|14282
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|100
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|47|1|45700|alpino_lc|3277
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|19|1|220|alpino_lc|135
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|16|1|400|alpino_lc|364
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|21|1|440|alpino_lc|248
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.4|31|1|19470|alpino_lc|2282
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|20|1|1110|alpino_lc|158
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|1|470|alpino_lc|274
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|14|1|710|alpino_lc|463
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|19|1|3130|alpino_lc|3079
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|30|1|2850|alpino_lc|1876
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|161
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|244
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|19|1|2860|alpino_lc|1549
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|41|1|19280|alpino_lc|2631
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|93
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|18|1|710|alpino_lc|87
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.4|23|1|670|alpino_lc|142
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|21|1|1130|alpino_lc|1143
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|27|1|1470|alpino_lc|755
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|15|1|1530|alpino_lc|1316
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|108
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.5|23|1|790|alpino_lc|294
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.6|16|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|24|1|1050|alpino_lc|405
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|130
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|18|1|2990|alpino_lc|2666
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|18|1|340|alpino_lc|137
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|15|1|1150|alpino_lc|785
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|350
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|27|1|720|alpino_lc|263
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|23|1|1510|alpino_lc|676
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|20|1|760|alpino_lc|456
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|15|1|790|alpino_lc|1035
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|12|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|29|1|700|alpino_lc|231
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.6|27|1|9290|alpino_lc|4857
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|20|1|650|alpino_lc|496
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|1|1830|alpino_lc|1199
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|26|1|8260|alpino_lc|7014
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|29|1|5600|alpino_lc|2200
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|25|1|860|alpino_lc|297
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|21|1|640|alpino_lc|339
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|12|1|570|alpino_lc|467
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|27|1|1410|alpino_lc|889
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|20|1|2790|alpino_lc|1542
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|27|1|430|alpino_lc|221
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|22|1|630|alpino_lc|300
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|18|1|11350|alpino_lc|4730
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|13|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|20|1|250|alpino_lc|106
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|26|1|1320|alpino_lc|557
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|22|1|710|alpino_lc|534
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|198
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|22|1|830|alpino_lc|404
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|17|1|350|alpino_lc|119
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|32|1|1900|alpino_lc|1204
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|13|1|220|alpino_lc|166
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|24|1|1200|alpino_lc|520
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|60
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|1|4820|alpino_lc|4569
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|19|1|500|alpino_lc|236
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|31|1|14600|alpino_lc|2331
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|1795
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|22|1|900|alpino_lc|482
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|34|1|15060|alpino_lc|8239
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|10|1|360|alpino_lc|192
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|20|1|1140|alpino_lc|925
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|18|1|2570|alpino_lc|2722
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|21|1|690|alpino_lc|389
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|18|1|410|alpino_lc|229
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|29|1|7640|alpino_lc|4623
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|17|1|2080|alpino_lc|1527
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|32|1|1210|alpino_lc|397
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|13|1|280|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|24|1|960|alpino_lc|455
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|24|1|4510|alpino_lc|3335
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|13|1|1310|alpino_lc|987
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|19|1|380|alpino_lc|142
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|24|1|1160|alpino_lc|429
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|18|1|330|alpino_lc|127
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|244
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|31|1|1380|alpino_lc|677
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|144
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|17|1|1390|alpino_lc|914
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|32|1|15800|alpino_lc|2519
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|18|1|1120|alpino_lc|362
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|29|1|1100|alpino_lc|491
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|15|1|1610|alpino_lc|753
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.4|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|815
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|729
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|17|1|420|alpino_lc|254
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|17|1|2670|alpino_lc|1239
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|8|1|310|alpino_lc|249
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|1|22870|alpino_lc|15311
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|29|1|8060|alpino_lc|2279
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|14|1|760|alpino_lc|375
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.6|19|1|940|alpino_lc|540
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.7|32|1|2790|alpino_lc|1492
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.8|28|1|2720|alpino_lc|1928
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|1|860|alpino_lc|200
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|34|1|25460|alpino_lc|7940
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|46|1|15730|alpino_lc|11825
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|622
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|31|1|1500|alpino_lc|823
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|26|1|1260|alpino_lc|608
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|30|1|9890|alpino_lc|2870
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|50|1|21110|alpino_lc|8935
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|36|1|7230|alpino_lc|475
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|43|1|21490|alpino_lc|1186
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|28|1|4310|alpino_lc|1483
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|21|1|1170|alpino_lc|559
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|30|1|32620|alpino_lc|27900
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|26|1|6500|alpino_lc|11730
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|45|1|6460|alpino_lc|3231
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|32|1|18700|alpino_lc|8449
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|20|1|13700|alpino_lc|10878
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|10|1|280|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|82
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|21|1|410|alpino_lc|69
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|21|1|840|alpino_lc|1061
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|26|1|11160|alpino_lc|10380
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|28|1|2460|alpino_lc|1899
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|32|1|28700|alpino_lc|18590
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|48|1|38720|alpino_lc|28233
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|51|1|8170|alpino_lc|5633
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|47|1|35800|alpino_lc|3857
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|16|1|540|alpino_lc|207
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|23|1|450|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|30|1|5160|alpino_lc|5212
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|31|1|1600|alpino_lc|1261
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|17|1|370|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|67|1|7240|alpino_lc|3247
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|40|1|10490|alpino_lc|5304
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|23|1|1100|alpino_lc|708
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|39|1|24800|alpino_lc|13616
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.23.s.3|27|1|2210|alpino_lc|1034
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|68|1|95760|alpino_lc|34669
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|41|1|7520|alpino_lc|2691
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|40|1|13430|alpino_lc|12220
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|32|1|5600|alpino_lc|2136
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|410
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|20|1|1820|alpino_lc|776
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|33|1|2750|alpino_lc|3635
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|50|1|8650|alpino_lc|2081
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|38|1|15520|alpino_lc|2257
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|37|1|1170|alpino_lc|742
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|20|1|710|alpino_lc|345
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|10|1|670|alpino_lc|1245
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|13|1|230|alpino_lc|94
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|28|1|2420|alpino_lc|1443
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|1|1630|alpino_lc|1301
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|313
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|324
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|18|1|580|alpino_lc|194
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|17|1|210|alpino_lc|142
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|29|1|2980|alpino_lc|3125
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|33|1|8310|alpino_lc|2226
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|32|1|13790|alpino_lc|6749
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|31|1|3280|alpino_lc|3702
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|297
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|11|1|280|alpino_lc|150
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|1|1520|alpino_lc|530
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|32|1|2930|alpino_lc|1840
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|30|1|3160|alpino_lc|2880
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|26|1|4590|alpino_lc|3107
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|5|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|19|1|3300|alpino_lc|2143
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|25|1|5150|alpino_lc|3970
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|32|1|2130|alpino_lc|2826
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|20|1|3330|alpino_lc|1284
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|41|1|17170|alpino_lc|4852
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|17|1|590|alpino_lc|248
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|42|1|10790|alpino_lc|14547
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|29|1|1820|alpino_lc|940
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|29|1|1580|alpino_lc|1012
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|30|1|28320|alpino_lc|5483
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|21|1|1200|alpino_lc|770
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|15|1|280|alpino_lc|97
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|48|1|11830|alpino_lc|7296
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|37|1|1360|alpino_lc|564
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|16|1|1530|alpino_lc|521
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|13|1|560|alpino_lc|342
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|23|1|930|alpino_lc|750
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|29|1|2870|alpino_lc|1368
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|17|1|320|alpino_lc|125
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|19|1|810|alpino_lc|851
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|29|1|1870|alpino_lc|2293
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|33|1|4850|alpino_lc|571
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|15|1|1400|alpino_lc|1139
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|40|1|4390|alpino_lc|5682
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|12|1|1280|alpino_lc|403
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.4|39|1|5830|alpino_lc|1173
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.5|13|1|510|alpino_lc|309
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|14|1|750|alpino_lc|623
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|27|1|5490|alpino_lc|3335
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|10|1|280|alpino_lc|223
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|97
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|1021
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|11|1|370|alpino_lc|244
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|23|1|660|alpino_lc|869
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|34|1|3040|alpino_lc|2126
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|31|1|6540|alpino_lc|4607
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|17|1|2560|alpino_lc|1530
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|25|1|3920|alpino_lc|2815
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|169
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|133
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|34|1|23070|alpino_lc|21623
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|37|1|72420|alpino_lc|27317
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|17|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|24|1|370|alpino_lc|180
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|21|1|520|alpino_lc|368
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|23|1|1290|alpino_lc|650
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|14|1|310|alpino_lc|93
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|18|1|570|alpino_lc|423
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|11|1|390|alpino_lc|474
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|10|1|130|alpino_lc|82
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|19|1|520|alpino_lc|408
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|17|1|650|alpino_lc|541
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|25|1|9480|alpino_lc|1364
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|26|1|570|alpino_lc|428
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|69|1|29490|alpino_lc|17567
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|16|1|4210|alpino_lc|2236
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|27|1|640|alpino_lc|475
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|19|1|3330|alpino_lc|1780
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.2|28|1|1210|alpino_lc|584
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.3|21|1|1470|alpino_lc|867
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.4|49|1|10450|alpino_lc|1928
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|22|1|11890|alpino_lc|11995
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|32|1|2480|alpino_lc|964
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|16|1|1450|alpino_lc|1654
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|30|1|6050|alpino_lc|2837
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|15|1|370|alpino_lc|195
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|25|1|860|alpino_lc|339
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.3|16|1|1430|alpino_lc|738
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|30|1|1200|alpino_lc|1648
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|17|1|2330|alpino_lc|1634
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|20|1|340|alpino_lc|202
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|16|1|500|alpino_lc|308
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|27|1|14200|alpino_lc|12844
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|25|1|1320|alpino_lc|1020
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|18|1|670|alpino_lc|342
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|30|1|930|alpino_lc|489
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|120
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|17|1|580|alpino_lc|129
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|48|1|25520|alpino_lc|30827
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|286
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|44|1|6890|alpino_lc|10876
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|24|1|1620|alpino_lc|821
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|61|1|55990|alpino_lc|66053
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|1|2510|alpino_lc|2176
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|33|1|29710|alpino_lc|5909
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|46|1|19360|alpino_lc|3858
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|31|1|17170|alpino_lc|3979
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|32|1|1900|alpino_lc|407
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|11|1|640|alpino_lc|559
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|42|1|9790|alpino_lc|4466
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|35|1|15690|alpino_lc|5044
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|23|1|4920|alpino_lc|5353
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|28|1|7270|alpino_lc|1643
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|31|1|139060|alpino_lc|104351
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|10|1|320|alpino_lc|303
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|45|1|3480|alpino_lc|2998
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|59|1|25780|alpino_lc|17265
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|138
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|1194
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|15|1|640|alpino_lc|788
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|234
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|27|1|2850|alpino_lc|1208
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|1187
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|15|1|260|alpino_lc|176
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|10|1|580|alpino_lc|234
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|21|1|14160|alpino_lc|7577
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|96
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|15|1|550|alpino_lc|181
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|18|1|720|alpino_lc|225
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|29|1|16820|alpino_lc|8721
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|42|1|20460|alpino_lc|10032
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|39|1|21760|alpino_lc|8951
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|154
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|41|1|64290|alpino_lc|21086
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|40|1|120680|alpino_lc|39651
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|21|1|660|alpino_lc|370
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|22|1|7480|alpino_lc|2069
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|36|1|3820|alpino_lc|2272
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|43|1|4350|alpino_lc|2888
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|34|1|2830|alpino_lc|3819
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|18|1|440|alpino_lc|237
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|13|1|90|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|9|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|42|1|2640|alpino_lc|1210
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|30|1|45580|alpino_lc|42686
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|58|1|2380|alpino_lc|1043
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|17|1|750|alpino_lc|348
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|24|1|2270|alpino_lc|1017
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|36|1|26670|alpino_lc|2684
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|34|1|1900|alpino_lc|1878
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|29|1|1430|alpino_lc|1241
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|9|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|25|1|2300|alpino_lc|2037
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|46|1|4250|alpino_lc|4733
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|797
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|24|1|4740|alpino_lc|2965
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|16|1|390|alpino_lc|156
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|26|1|1300|alpino_lc|433
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|20|1|1860|alpino_lc|1265
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|719
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|28|1|2310|alpino_lc|2126
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|48|1|13250|alpino_lc|2902
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|8|1|260|alpino_lc|91
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|1030
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|8|1|520|alpino_lc|541
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|14|1|480|alpino_lc|163
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|68|1|158840|alpino_lc|37293
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|21|1|1180|alpino_lc|696
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|22|1|1840|alpino_lc|2339
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|36|1|1480|alpino_lc|994
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|9|1|320|alpino_lc|168
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|24|1|6860|alpino_lc|2435
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|21|1|560|alpino_lc|440
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|23|1|1060|alpino_lc|335
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|20|1|2580|alpino_lc|3267
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|19|1|3230|alpino_lc|1427
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|20|1|280|alpino_lc|114
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|19|1|1070|alpino_lc|912
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|24|1|30580|alpino_lc|8750
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|11|1|920|alpino_lc|393
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|17|1|440|alpino_lc|199
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|24|1|18960|alpino_lc|12245
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|160
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|25|1|1350|alpino_lc|905
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|40|1|9490|alpino_lc|14582
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|39|1|1950|alpino_lc|954
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|12|1|550|alpino_lc|501
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|37|1|4140|alpino_lc|783
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|22|1|1000|alpino_lc|734
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.5|8|1|130|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.6|19|1|180|alpino_lc|81
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.7|13|1|780|alpino_lc|871
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|80
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|13|1|180|alpino_lc|146
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|17|1|460|alpino_lc|263
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|29|1|2020|alpino_lc|1026
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|1068
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|34|1|1070|alpino_lc|707
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|28|1|5160|alpino_lc|3354
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|24|1|1830|alpino_lc|1559
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.3|17|1|530|alpino_lc|352
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.4|30|1|1350|alpino_lc|635
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.5|21|1|990|alpino_lc|340
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.6|9|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.7|20|1|640|alpino_lc|434
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|21|1|580|alpino_lc|283
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|45
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|15|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|47|1|49300|alpino_lc|37682
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|29|1|8130|alpino_lc|9436
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|17|1|1770|alpino_lc|1268
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|11|1|330|alpino_lc|111
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|291
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|36|1|27060|alpino_lc|2297
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|15|1|470|alpino_lc|195
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|12|1|380|alpino_lc|203
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|10|1|220|alpino_lc|44
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|13|1|130|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.5|16|1|1760|alpino_lc|1044
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.6|20|1|840|alpino_lc|325
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.7|19|1|320|alpino_lc|116
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|205
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|139
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|586
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|19|1|550|alpino_lc|169
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|21|1|2190|alpino_lc|1553
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|26|1|9870|alpino_lc|4959
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|35|1|3040|alpino_lc|2514
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|22|1|1120|alpino_lc|734
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.4|10|1|420|alpino_lc|256
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|351
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|30|1|2680|alpino_lc|2147
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.33.s.3|38|1|9320|alpino_lc|4867
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|38|1|22850|alpino_lc|11955
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|30|1|2000|alpino_lc|1598
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|156
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|136
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|8|1|280|alpino_lc|186
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|1|2170|alpino_lc|2441
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|16|1|1530|alpino_lc|1150
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|40|1|17050|alpino_lc|5647
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|31|1|24130|alpino_lc|32131
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|42|1|10240|alpino_lc|4793
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|24|1|790|alpino_lc|388
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|38|1|6040|alpino_lc|1481
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|23|1|5270|alpino_lc|1128
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|44|1|21450|alpino_lc|8213
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|8|1|300|alpino_lc|182
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|22|1|1570|alpino_lc|841
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|17|1|6630|alpino_lc|3238
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|21|1|670|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|25|1|500|alpino_lc|160
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|31|1|1240|alpino_lc|845
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|10|1|90|alpino_lc|68
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|12|1|310|alpino_lc|291
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|22|1|2060|alpino_lc|2063
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|7|1|270|alpino_lc|88
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|24|1|2200|alpino_lc|1460
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|35|1|12680|alpino_lc|5566
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|24|1|940|alpino_lc|1093
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|21|1|4890|alpino_lc|2915
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|11|1|180|alpino_lc|202
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|23|1|850|alpino_lc|1020
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|20|1|3440|alpino_lc|2519
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|41|1|54670|alpino_lc|6460
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|27|1|2290|alpino_lc|1298
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|15|1|850|alpino_lc|468
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|29|1|2450|alpino_lc|1392
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|40|1|11470|alpino_lc|10451
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|31|1|14330|alpino_lc|3817
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|18|1|480|alpino_lc|314
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|23|1|720|alpino_lc|547
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|15|1|1190|alpino_lc|631
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|319
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|60|1|71510|alpino_lc|30408
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|20|1|2960|alpino_lc|1394
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|39|1|39730|alpino_lc|7831
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|8|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|26|1|6940|alpino_lc|3852
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|42|1|16830|alpino_lc|6808
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|22|1|430|alpino_lc|320
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|25|1|2790|alpino_lc|751
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|88
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|28|1|4710|alpino_lc|2590
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|45|1|3580|alpino_lc|1005
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|21|1|5350|alpino_lc|1904
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|7|1|160|alpino_lc|52
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|27|1|1880|alpino_lc|826
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|24|1|1530|alpino_lc|662
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|24|1|990|alpino_lc|501
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|25|1|5700|alpino_lc|4454
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|50|1|27250|alpino_lc|16163
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|15|1|300|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|26|1|1540|alpino_lc|1190
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|22|1|3980|alpino_lc|2828
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|31|1|3560|alpino_lc|1938
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|30|1|12220|alpino_lc|3508
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|29|1|2490|alpino_lc|664
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|1|2730|alpino_lc|748
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|24|1|11700|alpino_lc|1950
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|35|1|3160|alpino_lc|2012
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|94
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|30|1|5010|alpino_lc|1204
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|16|1|1500|alpino_lc|1295
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|1|2240|alpino_lc|1995
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|1|280|alpino_lc|174
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|6|1|120|alpino_lc|76
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|40|1|6420|alpino_lc|3037
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|23|1|500|alpino_lc|473
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|30|1|6200|alpino_lc|2587
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|27|1|890|alpino_lc|258
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|28|1|8850|alpino_lc|4180
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|35|1|1590|alpino_lc|977
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|33|1|1280|alpino_lc|587
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|48|1|26660|alpino_lc|13610
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|641
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|24|1|5010|alpino_lc|7106
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|27|1|3750|alpino_lc|2017
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|38|1|22570|alpino_lc|6197
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|30|1|4280|alpino_lc|5564
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|45|1|67810|alpino_lc|39564
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|95
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|21|1|1220|alpino_lc|951
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|254
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|23|1|790|alpino_lc|280
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|5|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|22|1|1430|alpino_lc|1108
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|41|1|6750|alpino_lc|1868
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|22|1|1700|alpino_lc|558
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|5|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|6|1|170|alpino_lc|135
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|22|1|1220|alpino_lc|1135
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|25|1|680|alpino_lc|347
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|211
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|20|1|3260|alpino_lc|1048
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.6|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|1846
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.7|36|1|3970|alpino_lc|1206
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.8|14|1|210|alpino_lc|206
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.9|12|1|210|alpino_lc|165
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|16|1|520|alpino_lc|150
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|23|1|4370|alpino_lc|1171
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|16|1|270|alpino_lc|133
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|20|1|1010|alpino_lc|901
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.6|17|1|320|alpino_lc|148
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|18|1|8780|alpino_lc|3475
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|48|1|55900|alpino_lc|6059
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|20|1|13900|alpino_lc|20095
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|10|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|6|1|160|alpino_lc|27
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|18|1|3320|alpino_lc|2395
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|10|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|12|1|310|alpino_lc|271
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|95
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|5|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.6|15|1|400|alpino_lc|283
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.7|21|1|2140|alpino_lc|1632
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.8|23|1|1310|alpino_lc|1511
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|10|1|690|alpino_lc|525
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|26|1|9410|alpino_lc|3808
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|21|1|3220|alpino_lc|1243
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|22|1|2240|alpino_lc|2267
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|12|1|180|alpino_lc|85
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.4|13|1|180|alpino_lc|169
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.5|22|1|4720|alpino_lc|3234
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.6|18|1|650|alpino_lc|449
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|17|1|890|alpino_lc|589
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|14|1|430|alpino_lc|487
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|13|1|570|alpino_lc|376
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|22|1|520|alpino_lc|210
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.5|12|1|240|alpino_lc|85
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|28|1|750|alpino_lc|357
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|31|1|8150|alpino_lc|9366
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|13|1|260|alpino_lc|52
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|38|1|4640|alpino_lc|800
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|14|1|410|alpino_lc|201
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|1|720|alpino_lc|112
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|35|1|16910|alpino_lc|3423
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|20|1|1620|alpino_lc|1313
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|28|1|3120|alpino_lc|1873
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|248
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.6|26|1|1120|alpino_lc|918
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|11|1|480|alpino_lc|321
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|25|1|1250|alpino_lc|800
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|11|1|670|alpino_lc|562
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|15|1|810|alpino_lc|44
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|18|1|6350|alpino_lc|2875
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|11|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|17|1|480|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|19|1|1010|alpino_lc|575
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.8|34|1|30910|alpino_lc|17248
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|18|1|1720|alpino_lc|1721
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|21|1|730|alpino_lc|301
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|22|1|4020|alpino_lc|2557
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|7|1|220|alpino_lc|93
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|27|1|490|alpino_lc|262
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|126
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|11|1|730|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|25|1|25670|alpino_lc|1769
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|31|1|14950|alpino_lc|4165
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|22|1|2470|alpino_lc|1750
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|34|1|21580|alpino_lc|11881
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|24|1|720|alpino_lc|198
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|32
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|25|1|3680|alpino_lc|799
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|28|1|4700|alpino_lc|3577
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|27|1|3390|alpino_lc|3064
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|33|1|2000|alpino_lc|1139
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|23|1|1370|alpino_lc|551
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|28|1|6590|alpino_lc|9504
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|1264
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|14|1|830|alpino_lc|307
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|23|1|650|alpino_lc|436
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|29|1|17740|alpino_lc|7221
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|15|1|1100|alpino_lc|530
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|46|1|108950|alpino_lc|45907
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|19|1|1380|alpino_lc|998
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|21|1|5940|alpino_lc|5670
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|24|1|11150|alpino_lc|5829
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|24|1|1470|alpino_lc|673
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|17|1|390|alpino_lc|285
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|29|1|27440|alpino_lc|18255
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|35|1|12770|alpino_lc|2832
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|21|1|420|alpino_lc|171
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|26|1|7450|alpino_lc|4854
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|26|1|1930|alpino_lc|920
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|22|1|400|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|26|1|2170|alpino_lc|1899
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|45|1|9870|alpino_lc|5657
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|12|1|310|alpino_lc|359
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|30|1|2900|alpino_lc|1450
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|38|1|3710|alpino_lc|2210
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|21|1|530|alpino_lc|161
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|22|1|3420|alpino_lc|2289
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|34|1|1810|alpino_lc|1613
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|33
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|12|1|530|alpino_lc|135
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|5|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.6|17|1|510|alpino_lc|518
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.7|17|1|570|alpino_lc|308
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|19|1|760|alpino_lc|183
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|15|1|2260|alpino_lc|1579
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.3|23|1|3380|alpino_lc|2458
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|22|1|3200|alpino_lc|3493
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|25|1|790|alpino_lc|402
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|24|1|780|alpino_lc|503
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|24|1|750|alpino_lc|404
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|29|1|880|alpino_lc|650
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|36|1|1340|alpino_lc|366
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|24|1|590|alpino_lc|200
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|1|1160|alpino_lc|723
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|34|1|1540|alpino_lc|1269
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|144
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|27|1|1890|alpino_lc|407
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|201
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.31.s.2|21|1|4650|alpino_lc|4207
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.31.s.3|28|1|4820|alpino_lc|1055
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|94
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|19|1|300|alpino_lc|88
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|26|1|1490|alpino_lc|425
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|145
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.3|9|1|290|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.4|32|1|6080|alpino_lc|2497
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.5|15|1|6570|alpino_lc|1680
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.6|24|1|7550|alpino_lc|5583
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|33|1|3530|alpino_lc|3702
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|27|1|2250|alpino_lc|1179
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|21|1|5230|alpino_lc|1812
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|15|1|200|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|25|1|21790|alpino_lc|7007
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|24|1|860|alpino_lc|549
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|38|1|4550|alpino_lc|1782
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|20|1|1010|alpino_lc|592
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|28|1|8230|alpino_lc|3645
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.38.s.2|30|1|1260|alpino_lc|993
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.38.s.3|27|1|1800|alpino_lc|1824
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.39.s.1|34|1|1840|alpino_lc|465
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.39.s.2|58|1|16750|alpino_lc|2193
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.40.s.1|12|1|1430|alpino_lc|679
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.40.s.2|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1119
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.40.s.3|33|1|11490|alpino_lc|2939
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.41.s.1|30|1|4820|alpino_lc|2538
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|1|490|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|28|1|13540|alpino_lc|7038
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|51|1|2670|alpino_lc|1872
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|47|1|26200|alpino_lc|6326
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|50|1|128530|alpino_lc|4656
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|38|1|2140|alpino_lc|731
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|13|1|560|alpino_lc|457
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|36|1|20970|alpino_lc|5220
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|34|1|8500|alpino_lc|3362
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|29|1|2280|alpino_lc|1453
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|19|1|570|alpino_lc|247
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|723
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|15|1|520|alpino_lc|182
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|22|1|7640|alpino_lc|5522
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|25|1|2110|alpino_lc|2545
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|17|1|380|alpino_lc|191
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|30|1|1390|alpino_lc|682
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|26|1|1700|alpino_lc|1227
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|24|1|530|alpino_lc|230
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|40|1|26850|alpino_lc|13401
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|19|1|3360|alpino_lc|2325
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|28|1|16910|alpino_lc|9337
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|32|1|2440|alpino_lc|678
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|40|1|1860|alpino_lc|1696
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|18|1|390|alpino_lc|305
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|15|1|680|alpino_lc|982
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|17|1|5660|alpino_lc|4742
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|28|1|9680|alpino_lc|3291
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|35|1|4270|alpino_lc|1362
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|20|1|6630|alpino_lc|3446
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|16|1|890|alpino_lc|499
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|32|1|5890|alpino_lc|3350
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|15|1|850|alpino_lc|734
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|23|1|930|alpino_lc|853
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|18|1|470|alpino_lc|384
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|20|1|690|alpino_lc|799
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|12|1|890|alpino_lc|1523
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.5|27|1|840|alpino_lc|900
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.6|14|1|1780|alpino_lc|777
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.7|12|1|210|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|36|1|910|alpino_lc|606
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|21|1|560|alpino_lc|223
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|120
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|10|1|500|alpino_lc|348
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|1|240|alpino_lc|195
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|18|1|450|alpino_lc|140
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|23|1|3360|alpino_lc|1223
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|18|1|660|alpino_lc|653
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|118
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|11|1|1350|alpino_lc|745
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|943
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|11|1|660|alpino_lc|640
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.5|29|1|2900|alpino_lc|3698
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|26|1|680|alpino_lc|179
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|27|1|3090|alpino_lc|1133
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|95
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|34|1|15450|alpino_lc|5974
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|12|1|570|alpino_lc|585
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|8|1|540|alpino_lc|539
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|1|1980|alpino_lc|1395
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|10|1|510|alpino_lc|292
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|35|1|11830|alpino_lc|794
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|28|1|4780|alpino_lc|864
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|24|1|1660|alpino_lc|127
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|58
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|106
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|17|1|270|alpino_lc|300
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|17|1|670|alpino_lc|427
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|15|1|710|alpino_lc|361
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|98
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|5|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|97
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|29|1|6700|alpino_lc|4054
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|34|1|4220|alpino_lc|1225
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|15|1|730|alpino_lc|288
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|33|1|18100|alpino_lc|3653
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|20|1|840|alpino_lc|547
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|1|460|alpino_lc|417
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|1|650|alpino_lc|253
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|30|1|5450|alpino_lc|5083
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|10|1|300|alpino_lc|366
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|791
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|17|1|550|alpino_lc|133
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.8|10|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.9|5|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.10|16|1|600|alpino_lc|372
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|11|1|760|alpino_lc|384
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|1|1980|alpino_lc|389
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|22|1|6450|alpino_lc|2019
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|18|1|2130|alpino_lc|2274
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|16|1|280|alpino_lc|184
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|70
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|8|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|14|1|950|alpino_lc|472
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|29|1|1200|alpino_lc|581
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|23|1|430|alpino_lc|367
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|20|1|2800|alpino_lc|1311
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|11|1|340|alpino_lc|239
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|14|1|310|alpino_lc|305
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|21|1|860|alpino_lc|521
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|7|1|240|alpino_lc|104
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|14|1|470|alpino_lc|180
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|14|1|380|alpino_lc|331
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|21|1|590|alpino_lc|137
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|13|1|250|alpino_lc|188
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|8|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|349
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|10|1|580|alpino_lc|434
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|773
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|98
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|29|1|2530|alpino_lc|1411
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|19|1|4350|alpino_lc|1431
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|937
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|28|1|790|alpino_lc|740
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|19|1|1480|alpino_lc|1046
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|25|1|920|alpino_lc|647
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|5|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|40|1|2870|alpino_lc|3830
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|48|1|30430|alpino_lc|26134
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|34|1|1760|alpino_lc|676
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|23|1|3920|alpino_lc|2441
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|35|1|5770|alpino_lc|628
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|29|1|1320|alpino_lc|677
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|11|1|890|alpino_lc|1368
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|26|1|1570|alpino_lc|896
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|22|1|820|alpino_lc|689
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|23|1|710|alpino_lc|158
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|29|1|4800|alpino_lc|1955
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.5|12|1|420|alpino_lc|356
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.6|25|1|1770|alpino_lc|1714
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.7|22|1|1460|alpino_lc|886
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|29|1|4300|alpino_lc|2266
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|45|1|35970|alpino_lc|65931
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|12|1|380|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|25|1|2980|alpino_lc|1621
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|17|1|440|alpino_lc|385
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|10|1|1450|alpino_lc|1588
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|25|1|4230|alpino_lc|4687
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|25|1|1630|alpino_lc|766
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|37|1|2980|alpino_lc|3315
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|20|1|820|alpino_lc|482
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|19|1|390|alpino_lc|183
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|23|1|4110|alpino_lc|1385
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|19|1|580|alpino_lc|807
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|32|1|9060|alpino_lc|9629
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|27|1|5520|alpino_lc|3094
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|34|1|3710|alpino_lc|2659
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|20|1|1560|alpino_lc|1914
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|27|1|2030|alpino_lc|2551
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|1028
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.6|27|1|11900|alpino_lc|2239
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|35|1|4040|alpino_lc|3979
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|18|1|1250|alpino_lc|1154
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|1|830|alpino_lc|868
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|40|1|5050|alpino_lc|2069
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|28|1|28070|alpino_lc|3234
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|24|1|1240|alpino_lc|435
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|40|1|38560|alpino_lc|20581
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|12|1|350|alpino_lc|289
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|25|1|1290|alpino_lc|610
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.6|12|1|190|alpino_lc|63
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|46|1|61910|alpino_lc|40433
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|26|1|930|alpino_lc|506
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|49|1|7250|alpino_lc|1602
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|327
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|27|1|1560|alpino_lc|649
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|19|1|1790|alpino_lc|1373
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|38|1|1590|alpino_lc|915
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|31|1|830|alpino_lc|540
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|16|1|930|alpino_lc|380
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|84
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|17|1|630|alpino_lc|619
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|24|1|780|alpino_lc|953
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|13|1|250|alpino_lc|82
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|1038
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|32|1|4070|alpino_lc|3134
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|17|1|780|alpino_lc|229
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|27|1|710|alpino_lc|700
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|80
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|25|1|1400|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|17|1|2240|alpino_lc|822
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|6|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|19|1|1440|alpino_lc|538
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|12|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|21|1|11130|alpino_lc|2604
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|33|1|6620|alpino_lc|2483
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|17|1|400|alpino_lc|799
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|27|1|1540|alpino_lc|686
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|37|1|17530|alpino_lc|6929
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|22|1|490|alpino_lc|423
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|50|1|7320|alpino_lc|4858
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|41|1|64600|alpino_lc|7438
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|26|1|820|alpino_lc|234
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|16|1|500|alpino_lc|467
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|16|1|1170|alpino_lc|963
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|26|1|2850|alpino_lc|1213
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|924
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|12|1|310|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|658
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|22|1|5300|alpino_lc|747
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|25|1|890|alpino_lc|173
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|34|1|3970|alpino_lc|3288
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|28|1|1290|alpino_lc|647
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|44|1|5040|alpino_lc|1841
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|1364
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|178
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|20|1|830|alpino_lc|562
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|1374
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|28|1|1700|alpino_lc|763
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|1320
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|37|1|1030|alpino_lc|1293
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|25|1|2730|alpino_lc|2087
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|25|1|2210|alpino_lc|1415
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|8|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|29|1|19720|alpino_lc|12809
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.7|16|1|380|alpino_lc|136
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.8|16|1|510|alpino_lc|68
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|392
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|21|1|1160|alpino_lc|802
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|514
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|42|1|23140|alpino_lc|5061
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|40|1|13720|alpino_lc|6096
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|17|1|590|alpino_lc|729
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|51|1|42530|alpino_lc|3851
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|31|1|1820|alpino_lc|1467
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|18|1|930|alpino_lc|972
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|45
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|16|1|2050|alpino_lc|1342
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|1|790|alpino_lc|416
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|26|1|3510|alpino_lc|1884
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|431
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|15|1|2360|alpino_lc|1672
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|29|1|10920|alpino_lc|4885
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|23|1|850|alpino_lc|833
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|279
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|13|1|470|alpino_lc|330
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|34|1|17950|alpino_lc|11448
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|19|1|580|alpino_lc|171
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|45|1|27470|alpino_lc|2038
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|10|1|1280|alpino_lc|461
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|56|1|57900|alpino_lc|11351
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|48|1|22780|alpino_lc|24399
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|13|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|29|1|7960|alpino_lc|1000
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|16|1|1490|alpino_lc|2072
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|31|1|2520|alpino_lc|490
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|20|1|960|alpino_lc|235
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|14|1|210|alpino_lc|87
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|12|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|30|1|11040|alpino_lc|7068
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|21|1|3300|alpino_lc|6529
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|35|1|750|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|27|1|2540|alpino_lc|1103
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|10|1|240|alpino_lc|81
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|51|1|52570|alpino_lc|2762
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|40|1|24060|alpino_lc|7294
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|1|370|alpino_lc|111
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|311
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|29|1|4020|alpino_lc|3420
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|50|1|18300|alpino_lc|7684
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|32|1|10090|alpino_lc|12865
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|35|1|2510|alpino_lc|1339
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|24|1|610|alpino_lc|196
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|13|1|1460|alpino_lc|1114
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|256
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|20|1|1850|alpino_lc|2322
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|12|1|610|alpino_lc|127
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|18|1|350|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|17|1|340|alpino_lc|290
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|25|1|940|alpino_lc|626
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|30|1|3770|alpino_lc|2235
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|9|1|290|alpino_lc|103
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|10|1|580|alpino_lc|391
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|9|1|520|alpino_lc|332
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|21|1|450|alpino_lc|175
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|13|1|250|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|10|1|230|alpino_lc|367
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|20|1|1050|alpino_lc|1082
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|35|1|2600|alpino_lc|613
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|26|1|14690|alpino_lc|5292
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|49|1|67530|alpino_lc|21897
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|17|1|440|alpino_lc|272
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|16|1|2990|alpino_lc|1485
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|13|1|220|alpino_lc|40
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.6|31|1|2730|alpino_lc|2256
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|330
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|16|1|440|alpino_lc|220
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|11|1|560|alpino_lc|242
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|19|1|4050|alpino_lc|3041
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|57
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|17|1|920|alpino_lc|1118
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|12|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|24|1|1890|alpino_lc|1721
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|205
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|25|1|2990|alpino_lc|996
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.5|49|1|5700|alpino_lc|2019
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.6|15|1|490|alpino_lc|545
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.7|13|1|500|alpino_lc|285
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|33|1|1930|alpino_lc|852
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|24|1|4170|alpino_lc|3334
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|16|1|280|alpino_lc|133
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|29|1|21240|alpino_lc|9267
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|18|1|700|alpino_lc|360
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|22|1|600|alpino_lc|315
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|33|1|3020|alpino_lc|2252
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|14|1|450|alpino_lc|441
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|41|1|28970|alpino_lc|17918
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|19|1|470|alpino_lc|174
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|22|1|700|alpino_lc|450
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|11|1|260|alpino_lc|44
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|8|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|12|1|570|alpino_lc|440
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|40|1|1020|alpino_lc|607
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|20|1|850|alpino_lc|1056
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|51|1|33760|alpino_lc|3619
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|1|1600|alpino_lc|1026
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|123
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|49|1|17020|alpino_lc|15094
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|28|1|19600|alpino_lc|4761
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|50|1|5370|alpino_lc|2965
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|43|1|20290|alpino_lc|6001
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|17|1|500|alpino_lc|289
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|46|1|19230|alpino_lc|13766
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|33|1|4820|alpino_lc|2769
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|44|1|3960|alpino_lc|1204
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|22|1|2240|alpino_lc|353
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|58|1|20920|alpino_lc|3506
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|21|1|240|alpino_lc|87
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|109
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|43|1|28350|alpino_lc|20075
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|12|1|500|alpino_lc|210
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|1|220|alpino_lc|164
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|29|1|4140|alpino_lc|1366
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.6|7|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|12|1|190|alpino_lc|118
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.8|32|1|2000|alpino_lc|1758
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|17|1|470|alpino_lc|289
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|44|1|1840|alpino_lc|848
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|31|1|1740|alpino_lc|863
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|181
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1437
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|19|1|1170|alpino_lc|1188
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|30|1|5190|alpino_lc|1945
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|104
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|15|1|560|alpino_lc|192
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|24|1|570|alpino_lc|373
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|18|1|420|alpino_lc|136
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|25|1|580|alpino_lc|102
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|44|1|10190|alpino_lc|4515
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|27|1|3130|alpino_lc|1147
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|20|1|700|alpino_lc|891
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|1098
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|20|1|910|alpino_lc|374
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|43|1|17760|alpino_lc|15861
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|33|1|16840|alpino_lc|6398
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|21|1|2580|alpino_lc|1739
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|16|1|740|alpino_lc|138
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|16|1|260|alpino_lc|111
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|41
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|24|1|3440|alpino_lc|1507
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|37|1|750|alpino_lc|608
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|34|1|11650|alpino_lc|1371
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|7|1|270|alpino_lc|75
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|36|1|12020|alpino_lc|2411
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|23|1|910|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|18|1|490|alpino_lc|131
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|41|1|33830|alpino_lc|9911
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|22|1|450|alpino_lc|70
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|27|1|1360|alpino_lc|654
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|30|1|7900|alpino_lc|5078
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|12|1|470|alpino_lc|404
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|51
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|72
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|30|1|35010|alpino_lc|19939
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|18|1|960|alpino_lc|286
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|18|1|900|alpino_lc|307
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|12|1|380|alpino_lc|340
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|23|1|2690|alpino_lc|1194
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|30|1|5430|alpino_lc|5624
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|35|1|12510|alpino_lc|9755
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|16|1|530|alpino_lc|377
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|278
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|20|1|840|alpino_lc|554
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|25|1|960|alpino_lc|350
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|138
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|15|1|440|alpino_lc|110
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|26|1|2190|alpino_lc|401
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|53|1|57040|alpino_lc|7903
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|22|1|2450|alpino_lc|2026
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|28|1|3100|alpino_lc|2049
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|1|3510|alpino_lc|1667
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|23|1|1740|alpino_lc|1461
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|39|1|2660|alpino_lc|1612
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|31|1|4100|alpino_lc|1669
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|25|1|3050|alpino_lc|1963
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|40|1|10040|alpino_lc|5280
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|12|1|350|alpino_lc|161
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|20|1|910|alpino_lc|704
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.31.s.2|31|1|1080|alpino_lc|395
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|24|1|7870|alpino_lc|4032
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|17|1|410|alpino_lc|112
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|25|1|1150|alpino_lc|302
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|19|1|710|alpino_lc|750
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|333
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.33.s.3|43|1|7260|alpino_lc|3790
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|30|1|6810|alpino_lc|6195
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|17|1|490|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|13|1|400|alpino_lc|355
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|26|1|8230|alpino_lc|5768
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.36.s.2|14|1|1220|alpino_lc|1241
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.37.s.2|21|1|800|alpino_lc|449
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|19|1|750|alpino_lc|515
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.39.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|151
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.39.s.2|33|1|10750|alpino_lc|1947
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.39.s.3|12|1|230|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.40.s.1|40|1|11260|alpino_lc|10622
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.40.s.2|25|1|1670|alpino_lc|1289
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.40.s.3|26|1|1400|alpino_lc|1026
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.41.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
