cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 10300 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 18690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 10080 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 181140 msec
cputime total 24190 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 11940 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 24570 msec
cputime total 11660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 86440 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 64530 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 26030 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 8580 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 14340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 17810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10470 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 96370 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 14960 msec
cputime total 9680 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 21780 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 37970 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 13130 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 18680 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 15190 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 8320 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 9900 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 87500 msec
cputime total 21530 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 21120 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 10760 msec
cputime total 10200 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 16150 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 14330 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 12830 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 6640 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 6360 msec
cputime total 11640 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 7830 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 13070 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 28490 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 15700 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 29710 msec
cputime total 44690 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 14790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 19650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 16590 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 16510 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 4950 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 17940 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 17530 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 23760 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 126340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 13540 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 6410 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 33400 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 16560 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 19130 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 79610 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 16870 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 40280 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 11750 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 8710 msec
cputime total 12940 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 7880 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 11180 msec
cputime total 8630 msec
cputime total 11290 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 17270 msec
cputime total 5870 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 8630 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 11230 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 16210 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 21890 msec
cputime total 47210 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 54780 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 13310 msec
cputime total 8840 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 30710 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 12300 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 23380 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 25240 msec
cputime total 18110 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 15110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 45610 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 7220 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 54020 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 18640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
T#0|12|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#4|27|1|750|alpino_lc|161
T#8|9|1|650|alpino_lc|362
T#10|22|1|940|alpino_lc|787
T#12|21|1|490|alpino_lc|419
T#15|22|1|10300|alpino_lc|2708
T#17|14|1|870|alpino_lc|386
T#20|33|1|7570|alpino_lc|7031
T#55|25|1|4140|alpino_lc|1184
T#59|44|1|18690|alpino_lc|3751
T#66|17|1|450|alpino_lc|305
T#70|10|1|510|alpino_lc|223
T#81|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#95|12|1|340|alpino_lc|53
T#106|13|1|700|alpino_lc|632
T#107|16|1|510|alpino_lc|235
T#108|11|1|310|alpino_lc|273
T#114|35|1|4440|alpino_lc|1721
T#119|26|1|1170|alpino_lc|1398
T#125|10|1|110|alpino_lc|93
T#130|18|1|850|alpino_lc|680
T#133|7|1|100|alpino_lc|91
T#135|13|1|610|alpino_lc|209
T#167|31|1|10080|alpino_lc|5568
T#208|41|1|2060|alpino_lc|818
T#214|25|1|7570|alpino_lc|2435
T#216|18|1|840|alpino_lc|575
T#231|15|1|280|alpino_lc|90
T#237|14|1|1600|alpino_lc|235
T#241|28|1|3940|alpino_lc|2271
T#242|50|1|4090|alpino_lc|904
T#252|14|1|3020|alpino_lc|2011
T#259|45|1|181140|alpino_lc|21567
T#275|45|1|24190|alpino_lc|5537
T#285|27|1|1520|alpino_lc|1266
T#297|21|1|3090|alpino_lc|2383
T#298|32|1|2440|alpino_lc|1418
T#314|32|1|5800|alpino_lc|2328
T#316|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#321|41|1|11940|alpino_lc|2126
T#325|22|1|5380|alpino_lc|9904
T#326|8|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#385|23|1|320|alpino_lc|224
T#393|45|1|8800|alpino_lc|1627
T#395|20|1|530|alpino_lc|631
T#421|41|1|5800|alpino_lc|1260
T#428|13|1|270|alpino_lc|61
T#434|11|1|270|alpino_lc|254
T#437|17|1|740|alpino_lc|261
T#477|17|1|1230|alpino_lc|1258
T#484|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|1137
T#488|7|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#497|47|1|1250|alpino_lc|835
T#499|24|1|5710|alpino_lc|3360
T#514|15|1|950|alpino_lc|320
T#515|4|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#522|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#542|11|1|380|alpino_lc|417
T#548|22|1|830|alpino_lc|254
T#557|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#560|7|1|550|alpino_lc|583
T#563|11|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#565|12|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#572|27|1|1640|alpino_lc|878
T#573|18|1|4030|alpino_lc|1767
T#583|14|1|350|alpino_lc|222
T#603|11|1|490|alpino_lc|622
T#615|7|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#631|12|1|380|alpino_lc|370
T#647|13|1|210|alpino_lc|146
T#650|6|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#671|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|388
T#689|14|1|420|alpino_lc|197
T#710|17|1|520|alpino_lc|392
T#719|22|1|1430|alpino_lc|2239
T#724|29|1|24570|alpino_lc|14395
T#747|55|1|11660|alpino_lc|18593
T#755|8|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#758|11|1|460|alpino_lc|283
T#773|14|1|460|alpino_lc|156
T#776|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#787|18|1|790|alpino_lc|341
T#797|36|1|86440|alpino_lc|39002
T#800|30|1|9330|alpino_lc|4639
T#817|34|1|64530|alpino_lc|11638
T#821|20|1|2240|alpino_lc|2131
T#842|10|1|200|alpino_lc|108
T#861|10|1|240|alpino_lc|89
T#923|38|1|26030|alpino_lc|2836
T#933|11|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#941|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#943|24|1|4150|alpino_lc|1240
T#949|15|1|240|alpino_lc|49
T#961|14|1|790|alpino_lc|587
T#970|9|1|270|alpino_lc|148
T#998|25|1|740|alpino_lc|377
T#1002|14|1|330|alpino_lc|132
T#1011|8|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#1034|31|1|5260|alpino_lc|2629
T#1057|14|1|300|alpino_lc|173
T#1071|23|1|1820|alpino_lc|731
T#1078|18|1|290|alpino_lc|95
T#1102|24|1|3770|alpino_lc|1111
T#1107|12|1|320|alpino_lc|109
T#1108|8|1|150|alpino_lc|23
T#1110|16|1|450|alpino_lc|421
T#1116|11|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#1117|30|1|8580|alpino_lc|3398
T#1119|18|1|2870|alpino_lc|1169
T#1121|8|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#1131|14|1|700|alpino_lc|422
T#1142|14|1|210|alpino_lc|35
T#1145|22|1|3690|alpino_lc|3190
T#1150|11|1|480|alpino_lc|213
T#1162|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|766
T#1163|25|1|2240|alpino_lc|973
T#1167|23|1|1790|alpino_lc|1124
T#1177|20|1|830|alpino_lc|595
T#1180|12|1|1160|alpino_lc|92
T#1211|10|1|210|alpino_lc|159
T#1217|27|1|7020|alpino_lc|3122
T#1227|20|1|2950|alpino_lc|863
T#1235|8|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#1242|31|1|14340|alpino_lc|5463
T#1244|7|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#1268|11|1|490|alpino_lc|424
T#1273|17|1|300|alpino_lc|30
T#1283|24|1|4050|alpino_lc|1769
T#1321|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#1335|33|1|17810|alpino_lc|14203
T#1343|7|1|180|alpino_lc|19
T#1345|10|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#1346|15|1|2120|alpino_lc|1664
T#1351|22|1|3680|alpino_lc|1774
T#1369|6|1|100|alpino_lc|66
T#1378|5|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#1399|24|1|10470|alpino_lc|4799
T#1404|24|1|1480|alpino_lc|789
T#1405|23|1|500|alpino_lc|324
T#1408|21|1|5980|alpino_lc|2692
T#1412|13|1|520|alpino_lc|199
T#1414|18|1|870|alpino_lc|620
T#1435|9|1|300|alpino_lc|81
T#1442|7|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#1471|9|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#1483|22|1|1350|alpino_lc|358
T#1498|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|766
T#1499|21|1|1050|alpino_lc|442
T#1527|12|1|330|alpino_lc|111
T#1554|25|1|4010|alpino_lc|472
T#1555|19|1|580|alpino_lc|163
T#1563|32|1|1780|alpino_lc|806
T#1582|17|1|370|alpino_lc|98
T#1590|19|1|5630|alpino_lc|3055
T#1597|25|1|96370|alpino_lc|16538
T#1611|13|1|1110|alpino_lc|546
T#1627|24|1|6810|alpino_lc|3559
T#1643|19|1|2980|alpino_lc|4910
T#1660|31|1|14960|alpino_lc|5561
T#1694|45|1|9680|alpino_lc|3734
T#1701|22|1|910|alpino_lc|390
T#1729|22|1|580|alpino_lc|551
T#1747|41|1|1770|alpino_lc|896
T#1749|23|1|980|alpino_lc|855
T#1760|33|1|9350|alpino_lc|5880
T#1776|36|1|1580|alpino_lc|1608
T#1778|23|1|1300|alpino_lc|1338
T#1783|23|1|6760|alpino_lc|4517
T#1794|22|1|1350|alpino_lc|1060
T#1795|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|1669
T#1802|11|1|170|alpino_lc|40
T#1811|22|1|1590|alpino_lc|1349
T#1831|19|1|480|alpino_lc|318
T#1841|28|1|4010|alpino_lc|1198
T#1843|11|1|1460|alpino_lc|1872
T#1870|21|1|1400|alpino_lc|1137
T#1874|21|1|2330|alpino_lc|1187
T#1882|9|1|140|alpino_lc|72
T#1890|24|1|2230|alpino_lc|1448
T#1911|23|1|800|alpino_lc|499
T#1913|21|1|21780|alpino_lc|4823
T#1929|13|1|580|alpino_lc|460
T#1932|6|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#1939|9|1|250|alpino_lc|137
T#1946|19|1|260|alpino_lc|142
T#1970|29|1|6620|alpino_lc|7096
T#1972|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|1797
T#1989|29|1|1110|alpino_lc|510
T#1990|34|1|4630|alpino_lc|1771
T#2076|20|1|790|alpino_lc|757
T#2086|27|1|480|alpino_lc|211
T#2102|42|1|37970|alpino_lc|33816
T#2122|12|1|520|alpino_lc|391
T#2161|20|1|1870|alpino_lc|861
T#2193|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#2213|23|1|2770|alpino_lc|2503
T#2237|28|1|1870|alpino_lc|1300
T#2251|26|1|13130|alpino_lc|2862
T#2252|26|1|4160|alpino_lc|4929
T#2257|30|1|2640|alpino_lc|1441
T#2259|29|1|4780|alpino_lc|1890
T#2263|37|1|18680|alpino_lc|5647
T#2287|25|1|2270|alpino_lc|1382
T#2305|7|1|240|alpino_lc|64
T#2310|7|1|190|alpino_lc|115
T#2314|10|1|150|alpino_lc|109
T#2318|16|1|1260|alpino_lc|407
T#2325|21|1|1150|alpino_lc|755
T#2336|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#2340|10|1|210|alpino_lc|118
T#2350|43|1|15190|alpino_lc|7315
T#2357|17|1|3570|alpino_lc|4427
T#2382|32|1|8320|alpino_lc|4172
T#2405|14|1|300|alpino_lc|43
T#2423|27|1|2440|alpino_lc|2443
T#2437|12|1|390|alpino_lc|250
T#2462|21|1|350|alpino_lc|208
T#2471|32|1|2500|alpino_lc|2143
T#2476|27|1|6380|alpino_lc|1360
T#2478|11|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#2494|36|1|9900|alpino_lc|4687
T#2501|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#2514|55|1|87500|alpino_lc|16094
T#2517|30|1|21530|alpino_lc|5679
T#2522|19|1|760|alpino_lc|378
T#2530|8|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#2540|24|1|21120|alpino_lc|13433
T#2547|19|1|790|alpino_lc|478
T#2559|2|1|60|alpino_lc|2
T#2560|15|1|520|alpino_lc|190
T#2623|54|1|10760|alpino_lc|10603
T#2626|24|1|10200|alpino_lc|5117
T#2633|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|499
T#2634|18|1|900|alpino_lc|1339
T#2650|16|1|3260|alpino_lc|4856
T#2652|28|1|16150|alpino_lc|7099
T#2677|31|1|800|alpino_lc|617
T#2739|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|648
T#2752|30|1|14330|alpino_lc|3823
T#2762|13|1|380|alpino_lc|292
T#2792|27|1|1640|alpino_lc|595
T#2799|9|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#2801|30|1|12830|alpino_lc|6693
T#2827|9|1|110|alpino_lc|57
T#2836|25|1|540|alpino_lc|225
T#2844|23|1|5510|alpino_lc|6716
T#2856|6|1|270|alpino_lc|445
T#2859|13|1|170|alpino_lc|31
T#2870|21|1|980|alpino_lc|639
T#2871|31|1|4500|alpino_lc|672
T#2883|12|1|540|alpino_lc|274
T#2887|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|1050
T#2941|36|1|6640|alpino_lc|4701
T#2951|6|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#2988|12|1|520|alpino_lc|485
T#2990|26|1|950|alpino_lc|625
T#3003|22|1|5120|alpino_lc|2539
T#3006|40|1|6360|alpino_lc|4937
T#3015|29|1|11640|alpino_lc|14195
T#3021|9|1|220|alpino_lc|100
T#3023|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|724
T#3028|29|1|510|alpino_lc|453
T#3038|28|1|2080|alpino_lc|1600
T#3052|9|1|550|alpino_lc|456
T#3067|27|1|1730|alpino_lc|1439
T#3081|19|1|7830|alpino_lc|4775
T#3086|24|1|3180|alpino_lc|3837
T#3094|23|1|670|alpino_lc|348
T#3104|39|1|6040|alpino_lc|2481
T#3116|12|1|130|alpino_lc|93
T#3121|14|1|1120|alpino_lc|1522
T#3137|27|1|13070|alpino_lc|4116
T#3163|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#3166|7|1|160|alpino_lc|55
T#3170|29|1|10270|alpino_lc|2384
T#3175|7|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#3183|15|1|400|alpino_lc|114
T#3188|29|1|3570|alpino_lc|1142
T#3207|23|1|610|alpino_lc|173
T#3217|30|1|1630|alpino_lc|759
T#3222|28|1|2670|alpino_lc|730
T#3224|19|1|550|alpino_lc|228
T#3227|35|1|28490|alpino_lc|15396
T#3232|22|1|520|alpino_lc|110
T#3237|18|1|700|alpino_lc|796
T#3263|23|1|1000|alpino_lc|539
T#3288|11|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#3299|14|1|1870|alpino_lc|974
T#3305|35|1|15700|alpino_lc|2404
T#3306|25|1|640|alpino_lc|210
T#3311|14|1|360|alpino_lc|131
T#3327|15|1|480|alpino_lc|183
T#3360|8|1|1240|alpino_lc|425
T#3366|24|1|380|alpino_lc|89
T#3379|24|1|310|alpino_lc|88
T#3400|21|1|350|alpino_lc|183
T#3447|7|1|200|alpino_lc|104
T#3472|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|560
T#3481|20|1|470|alpino_lc|179
T#3486|13|1|1620|alpino_lc|1321
T#3487|57|1|29710|alpino_lc|24158
T#3493|47|1|44690|alpino_lc|18775
T#3495|7|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#3497|7|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#3501|16|1|240|alpino_lc|113
T#3502|23|1|7980|alpino_lc|4002
T#3504|21|1|2390|alpino_lc|1276
T#3518|16|1|1100|alpino_lc|1124
T#3524|20|1|2680|alpino_lc|1233
T#3534|13|1|320|alpino_lc|167
T#3544|7|1|130|alpino_lc|15
T#3566|12|1|250|alpino_lc|138
T#3573|16|1|470|alpino_lc|252
T#3576|27|1|2790|alpino_lc|823
T#3583|7|1|170|alpino_lc|7
T#3587|16|1|2780|alpino_lc|4587
T#3588|18|1|650|alpino_lc|307
T#3592|14|1|830|alpino_lc|345
T#3593|18|1|5170|alpino_lc|1036
T#3636|9|1|200|alpino_lc|128
T#3644|24|1|1920|alpino_lc|946
T#3646|16|1|550|alpino_lc|140
T#3648|19|1|590|alpino_lc|334
T#3657|30|1|14790|alpino_lc|2960
T#3659|8|1|180|alpino_lc|103
T#3672|21|1|910|alpino_lc|624
T#3673|15|1|880|alpino_lc|1042
T#3675|8|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#3701|13|1|450|alpino_lc|381
T#3727|2|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#3735|21|1|830|alpino_lc|546
T#3740|11|1|210|alpino_lc|130
T#3742|32|1|1160|alpino_lc|620
T#3789|22|1|1480|alpino_lc|1579
T#3793|34|1|19650|alpino_lc|11586
T#3807|7|1|100|alpino_lc|79
T#3823|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#3830|7|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#3869|41|1|16590|alpino_lc|5427
T#3881|24|1|650|alpino_lc|162
T#3884|9|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#3892|23|1|780|alpino_lc|429
T#3895|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#3912|5|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#3918|7|1|120|alpino_lc|76
T#3927|9|1|350|alpino_lc|316
T#3943|17|1|290|alpino_lc|44
T#3944|19|1|2510|alpino_lc|1527
T#3945|22|1|3400|alpino_lc|1104
T#3948|15|1|1480|alpino_lc|1634
T#3977|35|1|2890|alpino_lc|3180
T#3979|13|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#3986|14|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#3999|6|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#4000|18|1|730|alpino_lc|500
T#4002|7|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#4013|11|1|280|alpino_lc|209
T#4025|12|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#4046|17|1|370|alpino_lc|184
T#4052|22|1|480|alpino_lc|269
T#4058|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#4061|15|1|340|alpino_lc|266
T#4101|3|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#4126|7|1|130|alpino_lc|119
T#4129|14|1|700|alpino_lc|440
T#4158|14|1|150|alpino_lc|104
T#4173|12|1|250|alpino_lc|32
T#4188|14|1|280|alpino_lc|247
T#4203|16|1|330|alpino_lc|137
T#4237|18|1|220|alpino_lc|83
T#4262|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|422
T#4265|28|1|2960|alpino_lc|1793
T#4271|25|1|1450|alpino_lc|557
T#4284|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#4285|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#4286|7|1|120|alpino_lc|150
T#4291|20|1|970|alpino_lc|323
T#4300|32|1|16510|alpino_lc|7433
T#4304|20|1|3300|alpino_lc|2848
T#4305|15|1|470|alpino_lc|598
T#4309|31|1|4950|alpino_lc|551
T#4331|10|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#4356|23|1|900|alpino_lc|965
T#4366|27|1|17940|alpino_lc|16557
T#4367|21|1|3120|alpino_lc|1247
T#4375|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|1221
T#4377|14|1|330|alpino_lc|254
T#4387|26|1|17530|alpino_lc|6634
T#4392|33|1|6270|alpino_lc|5406
T#4396|26|1|9220|alpino_lc|7392
T#4400|12|1|290|alpino_lc|224
T#4409|41|1|23760|alpino_lc|7403
T#4412|31|1|1200|alpino_lc|477
T#4427|25|1|1310|alpino_lc|743
T#4440|19|1|290|alpino_lc|170
T#4448|9|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#4450|45|1|126340|alpino_lc|38225
T#4459|12|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#4464|13|1|230|alpino_lc|231
T#4479|28|1|3960|alpino_lc|1376
T#4480|34|1|3570|alpino_lc|472
T#4482|15|1|470|alpino_lc|104
T#4488|16|1|13540|alpino_lc|3162
T#4496|9|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#4523|20|1|450|alpino_lc|244
T#4527|7|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#4561|7|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#4563|12|1|620|alpino_lc|333
T#4582|8|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#4595|21|1|270|alpino_lc|73
T#4611|12|1|150|alpino_lc|102
T#4614|13|1|1820|alpino_lc|1130
T#4630|23|1|8280|alpino_lc|4997
T#4674|13|1|270|alpino_lc|173
T#4693|43|1|6540|alpino_lc|7781
T#4699|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#4722|23|1|780|alpino_lc|483
T#4725|17|1|370|alpino_lc|373
T#4734|13|1|240|alpino_lc|168
T#4735|23|1|2530|alpino_lc|3167
T#4736|42|1|6410|alpino_lc|3857
T#4738|34|1|3890|alpino_lc|2149
T#4758|24|1|2360|alpino_lc|1164
T#4762|27|1|2610|alpino_lc|2681
T#4766|25|1|1290|alpino_lc|534
T#4769|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#4771|35|1|33400|alpino_lc|7204
T#4774|29|1|1170|alpino_lc|612
T#4782|20|1|1180|alpino_lc|717
T#4789|30|1|4990|alpino_lc|5889
T#4790|8|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#4794|33|1|2980|alpino_lc|718
T#4798|18|1|360|alpino_lc|274
T#4818|12|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#4826|40|1|1800|alpino_lc|1018
T#4833|20|1|16560|alpino_lc|2188
T#4840|20|1|2090|alpino_lc|1108
T#4878|32|1|1480|alpino_lc|687
T#4883|8|1|180|alpino_lc|58
T#4885|20|1|220|alpino_lc|171
T#4890|34|1|19130|alpino_lc|10736
T#4898|16|1|2510|alpino_lc|1124
T#4925|40|1|6220|alpino_lc|3250
T#4954|19|1|770|alpino_lc|322
T#4975|22|1|8850|alpino_lc|2209
T#4980|12|1|150|alpino_lc|63
T#4982|5|1|30|alpino_lc|22
T#5008|21|1|2670|alpino_lc|935
T#5010|26|1|4340|alpino_lc|3022
T#5014|37|1|5060|alpino_lc|3480
T#5033|42|1|79610|alpino_lc|75475
T#5046|24|1|1010|alpino_lc|301
T#5047|28|1|2150|alpino_lc|566
T#5106|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|810
T#5115|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#5116|59|1|16870|alpino_lc|13092
T#5128|21|1|2400|alpino_lc|1065
T#5131|15|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#5133|5|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#5135|17|1|3080|alpino_lc|3139
T#5147|26|1|300|alpino_lc|108
T#5153|9|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#5154|17|1|1780|alpino_lc|1606
T#5167|65|1|40280|alpino_lc|10401
T#5173|28|1|2140|alpino_lc|1912
T#5174|13|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#5192|20|1|710|alpino_lc|171
T#5197|13|1|200|alpino_lc|126
T#5198|10|1|380|alpino_lc|343
T#5205|11|1|270|alpino_lc|255
T#5207|21|1|910|alpino_lc|521
T#5210|21|1|11750|alpino_lc|3594
T#5212|23|1|530|alpino_lc|367
T#5213|29|1|5540|alpino_lc|1879
T#5214|22|1|970|alpino_lc|939
T#5230|23|1|6130|alpino_lc|1812
T#5236|7|1|50|alpino_lc|3
T#5241|18|1|8710|alpino_lc|5458
T#5281|49|1|12940|alpino_lc|5463
T#5308|30|1|850|alpino_lc|294
T#5315|12|1|690|alpino_lc|664
T#5318|32|1|3440|alpino_lc|1747
T#5362|35|1|7880|alpino_lc|2171
T#5365|14|1|860|alpino_lc|806
T#5406|9|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#5414|26|1|2020|alpino_lc|802
T#5433|28|1|6720|alpino_lc|2506
T#5435|16|1|220|alpino_lc|128
T#5463|20|1|370|alpino_lc|85
T#5466|9|1|300|alpino_lc|126
T#5471|33|1|1700|alpino_lc|945
T#5498|34|1|2780|alpino_lc|1021
T#5499|12|1|200|alpino_lc|103
T#5502|23|1|1950|alpino_lc|376
T#5515|24|1|6320|alpino_lc|3899
T#5517|31|1|11180|alpino_lc|2764
T#5523|27|1|8630|alpino_lc|4003
T#5532|25|1|11290|alpino_lc|6775
T#5536|11|1|990|alpino_lc|1490
T#5548|28|1|870|alpino_lc|883
T#5554|33|1|17270|alpino_lc|5152
T#5579|18|1|5870|alpino_lc|3758
T#5585|35|1|1810|alpino_lc|648
T#5598|14|1|530|alpino_lc|365
T#5601|13|1|1370|alpino_lc|752
T#5605|21|1|330|alpino_lc|170
T#5612|17|1|670|alpino_lc|524
T#5619|5|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#5624|41|1|8630|alpino_lc|1170
T#5631|15|1|360|alpino_lc|242
T#5642|19|1|1890|alpino_lc|2381
T#5643|32|1|3490|alpino_lc|3068
T#5665|38|1|11230|alpino_lc|5571
T#5667|53|1|12370|alpino_lc|3165
T#5669|21|1|16210|alpino_lc|7287
T#5686|17|1|1080|alpino_lc|617
T#5696|26|1|1640|alpino_lc|827
T#5698|24|1|2030|alpino_lc|1655
T#5701|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|868
T#5704|21|1|1240|alpino_lc|328
T#5711|14|1|250|alpino_lc|62
T#5727|24|1|250|alpino_lc|177
T#5734|42|1|6090|alpino_lc|1890
T#5735|13|1|360|alpino_lc|104
T#5742|17|1|940|alpino_lc|570
T#5750|30|1|3050|alpino_lc|617
T#5755|17|1|480|alpino_lc|445
T#5765|25|1|5210|alpino_lc|2615
T#5779|24|1|2770|alpino_lc|1493
T#5791|16|1|1270|alpino_lc|856
T#5797|40|1|21890|alpino_lc|18918
T#5804|46|1|47210|alpino_lc|8245
T#5817|29|1|5660|alpino_lc|4934
T#5828|25|1|4450|alpino_lc|1103
T#5830|27|1|3160|alpino_lc|3235
T#5831|26|1|1390|alpino_lc|615
T#5832|25|1|3280|alpino_lc|1845
T#5863|13|1|1080|alpino_lc|676
T#5885|30|1|54780|alpino_lc|4489
T#5896|12|1|300|alpino_lc|107
T#5903|7|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#5908|14|1|240|alpino_lc|101
T#5911|20|1|13310|alpino_lc|6699
T#5920|35|1|8840|alpino_lc|2658
T#5933|25|1|1180|alpino_lc|584
T#5943|21|1|3700|alpino_lc|3410
T#5955|19|1|1250|alpino_lc|1147
T#5968|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#5981|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#6021|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#6025|10|1|410|alpino_lc|317
T#6046|7|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#6075|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|1264
T#6103|6|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#6108|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#6116|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#6128|20|1|620|alpino_lc|489
T#6140|15|1|280|alpino_lc|122
T#6152|7|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#6155|11|1|300|alpino_lc|197
T#6181|3|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#6188|21|1|380|alpino_lc|127
T#6201|19|1|1670|alpino_lc|3917
T#6214|4|1|130|alpino_lc|13
T#6237|40|1|5650|alpino_lc|4044
T#6264|19|1|410|alpino_lc|246
T#6269|13|1|120|alpino_lc|69
T#6274|9|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#6279|12|1|310|alpino_lc|33
T#6289|16|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#6290|32|1|30710|alpino_lc|7368
T#6292|27|1|2780|alpino_lc|981
T#6311|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#6339|26|1|2520|alpino_lc|1456
T#6353|18|1|430|alpino_lc|365
T#6363|6|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#6371|13|1|1150|alpino_lc|597
T#6380|26|1|4100|alpino_lc|1536
T#6396|32|1|12300|alpino_lc|1803
T#6416|19|1|860|alpino_lc|445
T#6443|27|1|1060|alpino_lc|1059
T#6451|16|1|2160|alpino_lc|2219
T#6453|25|1|1630|alpino_lc|1294
T#6472|32|1|510|alpino_lc|169
T#6480|11|1|300|alpino_lc|98
T#6496|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|705
T#6498|18|1|1360|alpino_lc|527
T#6501|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#6502|14|1|730|alpino_lc|571
T#6510|14|1|260|alpino_lc|192
T#6523|6|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#6524|8|1|80|alpino_lc|55
T#6527|28|1|7380|alpino_lc|4517
T#6544|13|1|210|alpino_lc|74
T#6552|10|1|300|alpino_lc|354
T#6554|22|1|530|alpino_lc|394
T#6555|37|1|23380|alpino_lc|13093
T#6571|31|1|1540|alpino_lc|585
T#6592|29|1|6260|alpino_lc|2200
T#6620|18|1|850|alpino_lc|468
T#6628|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|211
T#6629|49|1|25240|alpino_lc|4958
T#6635|45|1|18110|alpino_lc|7265
T#6641|14|1|550|alpino_lc|141
T#6642|16|1|790|alpino_lc|1407
T#6648|60|1|15110|alpino_lc|3216
T#6661|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#6666|9|1|170|alpino_lc|14
T#6690|13|1|810|alpino_lc|699
T#6696|50|1|45610|alpino_lc|29032
T#6704|14|1|260|alpino_lc|49
T#6708|6|1|140|alpino_lc|116
T#6725|16|1|5360|alpino_lc|4168
T#6736|25|1|5610|alpino_lc|4722
T#6747|6|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#6753|34|1|1560|alpino_lc|993
T#6758|24|1|3250|alpino_lc|3385
T#6773|12|1|540|alpino_lc|500
T#6774|16|1|2180|alpino_lc|1876
T#6777|28|1|2010|alpino_lc|1532
T#6779|26|1|3950|alpino_lc|1644
T#6833|38|1|9000|alpino_lc|1735
T#6837|24|1|2210|alpino_lc|1556
T#6852|12|1|250|alpino_lc|107
T#6854|20|1|7220|alpino_lc|4286
T#6862|22|1|6600|alpino_lc|655
T#6865|42|1|54020|alpino_lc|3892
T#6870|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#6873|7|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#6885|15|1|550|alpino_lc|390
T#6888|14|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#6889|13|1|190|alpino_lc|119
T#6912|20|1|810|alpino_lc|888
T#6914|3|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#6916|11|1|650|alpino_lc|282
T#6946|20|1|18640|alpino_lc|11100
T#6947|8|1|260|alpino_lc|182
T#6953|6|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#6959|30|1|1490|alpino_lc|365
T#6985|17|1|10190|alpino_lc|9026
T#6987|11|1|190|alpino_lc|110
T#6988|31|1|6420|alpino_lc|5586
T#6991|18|1|260|alpino_lc|153
T#6997|19|1|710|alpino_lc|355
T#7013|6|1|170|alpino_lc|26
T#7025|27|1|890|alpino_lc|548
T#7028|15|1|190|alpino_lc|109
T#7031|28|1|1570|alpino_lc|827
T#7043|25|1|1370|alpino_lc|742
T#7055|11|1|440|alpino_lc|309
T#7094|29|1|6600|alpino_lc|1421
T#7101|15|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#7123|7|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#7125|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#7129|11|1|400|alpino_lc|189
T#7130|7|1|270|alpino_lc|182
T#7146|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|277
T#7148|10|1|370|alpino_lc|80
T#7151|16|1|1080|alpino_lc|440
