cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 16490 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 15270 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 17810 msec
cputime total 15210 msec
cputime total 17490 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 19800 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 13320 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 24950 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 15420 msec
cputime total 87410 msec
cputime total 24020 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 22000 msec
cputime total 13070 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 8920 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 10770 msec
cputime total 23170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 21630 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 11710 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 13190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 41780 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 8340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 32050 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 13960 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 22910 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 15020 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 6780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 45890 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 14300 msec
cputime total 17400 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 6940 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 89960 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 18230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 24150 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 29490 msec
cputime total 17340 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 19620 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 25450 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 10310 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 31080 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 37250 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 55650 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 6310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 7590 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 19960 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 16440 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 16700 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 22770 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 20230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 9360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 6210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 11560 msec
cputime total 17100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 7870 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3730 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 10970 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 35370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 8960 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 33090 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 17090 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 13040 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 41220 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 70330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5480 msec
cputime total 167720 msec
cputime total 10810 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 11450 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 11320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 20700 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 14510 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 31630 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 77150 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 14150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 18520 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 60810 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 29460 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 18000 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 18680 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 67680 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 8380 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 7830 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10240 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 22180 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 20480 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130160 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 54070 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 13460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 22830 msec
cputime total 14640 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 111180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 740 msec
T#18|15|1|810|alpino_lc|1241
T#22|8|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#27|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|1434
T#45|10|1|730|alpino_lc|507
T#46|9|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#50|29|1|2580|alpino_lc|1436
T#53|24|1|1600|alpino_lc|1689
T#61|17|1|570|alpino_lc|237
T#69|21|1|560|alpino_lc|762
T#93|40|1|16490|alpino_lc|6931
T#94|24|1|850|alpino_lc|456
T#104|19|1|540|alpino_lc|263
T#115|18|1|720|alpino_lc|415
T#160|25|1|6900|alpino_lc|857
T#170|9|1|520|alpino_lc|107
T#179|29|1|15270|alpino_lc|9364
T#183|16|1|660|alpino_lc|553
T#189|15|1|780|alpino_lc|426
T#193|22|1|430|alpino_lc|95
T#195|30|1|17810|alpino_lc|1374
T#207|20|1|15210|alpino_lc|13736
T#215|37|1|17490|alpino_lc|3779
T#224|20|1|3810|alpino_lc|2340
T#233|14|1|230|alpino_lc|49
T#243|30|1|19800|alpino_lc|17240
T#251|8|1|300|alpino_lc|214
T#256|43|1|5140|alpino_lc|4987
T#261|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#263|31|1|9330|alpino_lc|633
T#268|39|1|13320|alpino_lc|5979
T#292|24|1|840|alpino_lc|374
T#295|6|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#307|17|1|870|alpino_lc|401
T#315|17|1|1900|alpino_lc|1024
T#320|26|1|2760|alpino_lc|936
T#324|49|1|24950|alpino_lc|18529
T#333|33|1|2950|alpino_lc|2288
T#334|25|1|3840|alpino_lc|1476
T#339|7|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#349|29|1|1400|alpino_lc|1219
T#355|10|1|240|alpino_lc|52
T#366|29|1|7350|alpino_lc|4067
T#367|40|1|6800|alpino_lc|4548
T#374|8|1|220|alpino_lc|197
T#384|43|1|15420|alpino_lc|4429
T#387|53|1|87410|alpino_lc|20267
T#390|31|1|24020|alpino_lc|5611
T#408|18|1|820|alpino_lc|559
T#422|33|1|3240|alpino_lc|856
T#427|15|1|230|alpino_lc|129
T#435|15|1|290|alpino_lc|131
T#445|15|1|760|alpino_lc|511
T#449|13|1|1010|alpino_lc|212
T#452|40|1|22000|alpino_lc|7897
T#511|34|1|13070|alpino_lc|4184
T#527|21|1|740|alpino_lc|451
T#529|22|1|3170|alpino_lc|2647
T#538|24|1|1590|alpino_lc|1120
T#549|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#553|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#576|8|1|250|alpino_lc|79
T#607|20|1|430|alpino_lc|225
T#612|16|1|1690|alpino_lc|1738
T#623|12|1|770|alpino_lc|1019
T#625|29|1|8920|alpino_lc|8658
T#626|7|1|160|alpino_lc|53
T#627|11|1|1750|alpino_lc|1612
T#681|26|1|1450|alpino_lc|1346
T#692|32|1|1890|alpino_lc|694
T#695|15|1|400|alpino_lc|509
T#697|12|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#700|20|1|1140|alpino_lc|601
T#714|18|1|4700|alpino_lc|1465
T#715|25|1|290|alpino_lc|188
T#718|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|606
T#748|26|1|1710|alpino_lc|1321
T#749|9|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#753|11|1|720|alpino_lc|579
T#761|19|1|830|alpino_lc|393
T#770|25|1|3060|alpino_lc|3059
T#772|8|1|200|alpino_lc|177
T#784|17|1|330|alpino_lc|66
T#793|20|1|1540|alpino_lc|1134
T#795|17|1|450|alpino_lc|363
T#796|14|1|1460|alpino_lc|642
T#798|26|1|2690|alpino_lc|1980
T#802|27|1|10770|alpino_lc|6079
T#807|54|1|23170|alpino_lc|11112
T#835|5|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#860|10|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#863|38|1|4860|alpino_lc|2186
T#872|43|1|3840|alpino_lc|1024
T#875|14|1|480|alpino_lc|262
T#877|32|1|21630|alpino_lc|24542
T#882|17|1|250|alpino_lc|201
T#916|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#924|24|1|800|alpino_lc|154
T#925|30|1|11710|alpino_lc|1375
T#934|28|1|1570|alpino_lc|522
T#936|15|1|370|alpino_lc|156
T#954|33|1|1050|alpino_lc|275
T#959|11|1|470|alpino_lc|341
T#966|12|1|450|alpino_lc|569
T#967|27|1|13190|alpino_lc|11050
T#969|7|1|380|alpino_lc|434
T#982|18|1|620|alpino_lc|955
T#990|49|1|41780|alpino_lc|29719
T#1013|15|1|540|alpino_lc|376
T#1014|9|1|110|alpino_lc|72
T#1021|9|1|410|alpino_lc|205
T#1026|22|1|400|alpino_lc|197
T#1058|13|1|1500|alpino_lc|802
T#1061|20|1|1010|alpino_lc|1043
T#1062|24|1|8340|alpino_lc|6486
T#1076|7|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#1124|38|1|6240|alpino_lc|3185
T#1134|11|1|170|alpino_lc|124
T#1135|44|1|32050|alpino_lc|12084
T#1140|8|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#1152|26|1|890|alpino_lc|410
T#1168|29|1|1170|alpino_lc|770
T#1198|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#1201|24|1|3660|alpino_lc|1403
T#1202|11|1|280|alpino_lc|115
T#1207|23|1|9300|alpino_lc|2263
T#1240|28|1|840|alpino_lc|341
T#1251|19|1|560|alpino_lc|206
T#1264|5|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#1294|27|1|5140|alpino_lc|6572
T#1297|43|1|13960|alpino_lc|8615
T#1300|23|1|3280|alpino_lc|2030
T#1302|13|1|380|alpino_lc|125
T#1316|15|1|290|alpino_lc|113
T#1324|24|1|22910|alpino_lc|15284
T#1328|16|1|270|alpino_lc|98
T#1334|25|1|890|alpino_lc|318
T#1336|27|1|2590|alpino_lc|2194
T#1341|7|1|60|alpino_lc|42
T#1342|7|1|130|alpino_lc|98
T#1365|27|1|1800|alpino_lc|1398
T#1382|36|1|15020|alpino_lc|4322
T#1413|37|1|1760|alpino_lc|878
T#1420|42|1|6780|alpino_lc|2790
T#1427|14|1|230|alpino_lc|158
T#1490|18|1|440|alpino_lc|395
T#1495|7|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#1503|14|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#1513|17|1|9160|alpino_lc|6317
T#1523|25|1|980|alpino_lc|166
T#1561|28|1|2400|alpino_lc|2004
T#1596|25|1|880|alpino_lc|288
T#1603|17|1|240|alpino_lc|95
T#1616|29|1|1800|alpino_lc|1067
T#1619|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|608
T#1624|45|1|45890|alpino_lc|41817
T#1632|17|1|6540|alpino_lc|2120
T#1649|24|1|2150|alpino_lc|1467
T#1651|42|1|4430|alpino_lc|2006
T#1659|21|1|3920|alpino_lc|4050
T#1677|29|1|14300|alpino_lc|6126
T#1678|38|1|17400|alpino_lc|4025
T#1682|20|1|2840|alpino_lc|1040
T#1687|21|1|3000|alpino_lc|1733
T#1689|23|1|570|alpino_lc|253
T#1707|10|1|200|alpino_lc|222
T#1724|24|1|6940|alpino_lc|3579
T#1732|12|1|830|alpino_lc|708
T#1748|9|1|170|alpino_lc|69
T#1758|12|1|420|alpino_lc|193
T#1771|22|1|1270|alpino_lc|1573
T#1775|11|1|240|alpino_lc|185
T#1782|18|1|680|alpino_lc|248
T#1801|29|1|2160|alpino_lc|967
T#1812|9|1|200|alpino_lc|74
T#1833|19|1|7090|alpino_lc|2494
T#1839|30|1|7070|alpino_lc|1500
T#1845|5|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#1846|6|1|130|alpino_lc|199
T#1858|19|1|450|alpino_lc|266
T#1907|17|1|410|alpino_lc|186
T#1908|25|1|1270|alpino_lc|1142
T#1910|30|1|8590|alpino_lc|1996
T#1916|13|1|280|alpino_lc|46
T#1937|24|1|2130|alpino_lc|2185
T#1956|29|1|1880|alpino_lc|723
T#1959|29|1|1910|alpino_lc|1219
T#1967|10|1|170|alpino_lc|69
T#1971|25|1|8290|alpino_lc|7483
T#1985|10|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#1997|35|1|3760|alpino_lc|531
T#2005|20|1|760|alpino_lc|275
T#2024|11|1|250|alpino_lc|147
T#2030|10|1|290|alpino_lc|70
T#2033|21|1|10830|alpino_lc|4099
T#2053|23|1|470|alpino_lc|136
T#2058|20|1|2090|alpino_lc|1496
T#2064|5|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#2072|23|1|7650|alpino_lc|3761
T#2095|40|1|89960|alpino_lc|51726
T#2100|8|1|170|alpino_lc|15
T#2131|31|1|18230|alpino_lc|1999
T#2142|9|1|270|alpino_lc|63
T#2143|19|1|390|alpino_lc|382
T#2154|9|1|130|alpino_lc|12
T#2158|24|1|900|alpino_lc|273
T#2178|16|1|460|alpino_lc|215
T#2208|22|1|350|alpino_lc|92
T#2209|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#2210|17|1|570|alpino_lc|152
T#2225|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|1144
T#2229|21|1|5700|alpino_lc|2562
T#2230|29|1|24150|alpino_lc|3018
T#2238|11|1|770|alpino_lc|816
T#2244|19|1|290|alpino_lc|71
T#2248|16|1|4320|alpino_lc|1166
T#2256|23|1|1180|alpino_lc|677
T#2277|32|1|1220|alpino_lc|383
T#2295|27|1|29490|alpino_lc|14792
T#2299|43|1|17340|alpino_lc|4641
T#2308|24|1|3080|alpino_lc|670
T#2312|7|1|180|alpino_lc|193
T#2322|14|1|2700|alpino_lc|1846
T#2330|33|1|19620|alpino_lc|14214
T#2351|25|1|2770|alpino_lc|2312
T#2364|8|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#2365|22|1|2230|alpino_lc|906
T#2369|7|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#2381|14|1|430|alpino_lc|234
T#2385|23|1|510|alpino_lc|209
T#2386|14|1|330|alpino_lc|422
T#2388|19|1|940|alpino_lc|339
T#2390|9|1|150|alpino_lc|122
T#2400|16|1|470|alpino_lc|180
T#2419|29|1|950|alpino_lc|368
T#2433|23|1|1270|alpino_lc|308
T#2470|22|1|2050|alpino_lc|1290
T#2495|42|1|25450|alpino_lc|11449
T#2499|23|1|2330|alpino_lc|2534
T#2505|28|1|600|alpino_lc|111
T#2523|14|1|490|alpino_lc|195
T#2529|9|1|90|alpino_lc|9
T#2534|19|1|1830|alpino_lc|1497
T#2546|6|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#2599|12|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#2603|22|1|2120|alpino_lc|587
T#2607|9|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#2617|10|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#2625|16|1|1920|alpino_lc|3178
T#2644|13|1|500|alpino_lc|208
T#2663|13|1|480|alpino_lc|307
T#2681|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#2692|36|1|4010|alpino_lc|3306
T#2695|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|1191
T#2701|20|1|980|alpino_lc|332
T#2711|27|1|2880|alpino_lc|1440
T#2717|27|1|5940|alpino_lc|1492
T#2732|24|1|2530|alpino_lc|2111
T#2736|25|1|7630|alpino_lc|3417
T#2740|9|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#2745|18|1|230|alpino_lc|104
T#2768|14|1|270|alpino_lc|228
T#2777|13|1|270|alpino_lc|219
T#2779|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|536
T#2783|9|1|300|alpino_lc|242
T#2788|8|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#2802|12|1|780|alpino_lc|299
T#2804|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|767
T#2805|15|1|290|alpino_lc|200
T#2809|11|1|530|alpino_lc|292
T#2813|7|1|140|alpino_lc|57
T#2820|10|1|170|alpino_lc|136
T#2831|23|1|1090|alpino_lc|730
T#2833|16|1|370|alpino_lc|185
T#2834|22|1|1430|alpino_lc|612
T#2899|14|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#2906|19|1|500|alpino_lc|351
T#2923|29|1|1580|alpino_lc|956
T#2925|21|1|5400|alpino_lc|5744
T#2930|19|1|340|alpino_lc|94
T#2935|10|1|350|alpino_lc|276
T#2952|20|1|1510|alpino_lc|960
T#2953|14|1|260|alpino_lc|259
T#2958|15|1|1020|alpino_lc|746
T#2962|17|1|3200|alpino_lc|1472
T#2991|27|1|10310|alpino_lc|5346
T#2995|26|1|2480|alpino_lc|382
T#3000|18|1|290|alpino_lc|105
T#3022|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#3026|17|1|570|alpino_lc|233
T#3033|11|1|320|alpino_lc|85
T#3039|18|1|3640|alpino_lc|1499
T#3057|7|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#3065|41|1|31080|alpino_lc|6258
T#3078|8|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#3082|22|1|1080|alpino_lc|963
T#3097|21|1|1660|alpino_lc|1416
T#3126|22|1|1140|alpino_lc|827
T#3127|18|1|590|alpino_lc|244
T#3151|21|1|930|alpino_lc|614
T#3152|13|1|520|alpino_lc|247
T#3153|18|1|1630|alpino_lc|1238
T#3154|60|1|37250|alpino_lc|22827
T#3165|18|1|760|alpino_lc|446
T#3177|27|1|3400|alpino_lc|1772
T#3191|15|1|990|alpino_lc|355
T#3197|8|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#3199|15|1|1720|alpino_lc|1885
T#3208|12|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#3216|42|1|55650|alpino_lc|4526
T#3264|23|1|7790|alpino_lc|3230
T#3267|25|1|1030|alpino_lc|942
T#3279|20|1|730|alpino_lc|339
T#3315|11|1|620|alpino_lc|390
T#3335|19|1|360|alpino_lc|246
T#3344|6|1|100|alpino_lc|85
T#3346|15|1|990|alpino_lc|488
T#3352|19|1|540|alpino_lc|306
T#3385|17|1|1180|alpino_lc|97
T#3402|7|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#3405|22|1|6310|alpino_lc|3577
T#3413|7|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#3415|15|1|410|alpino_lc|484
T#3420|22|1|6520|alpino_lc|3632
T#3463|11|1|280|alpino_lc|324
T#3470|12|1|300|alpino_lc|172
T#3492|34|1|960|alpino_lc|313
T#3500|12|1|260|alpino_lc|132
T#3516|18|1|2370|alpino_lc|2122
T#3526|22|1|1500|alpino_lc|922
T#3545|12|1|710|alpino_lc|697
T#3552|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#3556|16|1|480|alpino_lc|346
T#3606|31|1|1810|alpino_lc|803
T#3615|7|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#3622|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|1063
T#3626|9|1|300|alpino_lc|194
T#3647|14|1|270|alpino_lc|219
T#3658|15|1|1520|alpino_lc|2303
T#3660|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|840
T#3697|33|1|1920|alpino_lc|1658
T#3706|11|1|2190|alpino_lc|840
T#3716|23|1|1000|alpino_lc|699
T#3719|11|1|1410|alpino_lc|2013
T#3734|22|1|820|alpino_lc|910
T#3741|10|1|520|alpino_lc|403
T#3747|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#3755|31|1|7590|alpino_lc|2795
T#3771|13|1|1910|alpino_lc|1827
T#3775|24|1|4570|alpino_lc|2008
T#3781|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|621
T#3794|10|1|410|alpino_lc|247
T#3811|13|1|900|alpino_lc|620
T#3815|12|1|350|alpino_lc|101
T#3820|12|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#3828|28|1|1980|alpino_lc|1192
T#3837|22|1|350|alpino_lc|199
T#3844|24|1|1840|alpino_lc|449
T#3851|26|1|3690|alpino_lc|1662
T#3858|21|1|240|alpino_lc|135
T#3866|5|1|190|alpino_lc|8
T#3888|12|1|920|alpino_lc|1064
T#3893|25|1|19960|alpino_lc|5530
T#3903|20|1|3020|alpino_lc|2662
T#3911|5|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#3922|11|1|340|alpino_lc|76
T#3925|19|1|16440|alpino_lc|7706
T#3934|29|1|3500|alpino_lc|2250
T#3938|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|469
T#3950|26|1|1240|alpino_lc|791
T#3955|33|1|16700|alpino_lc|7039
T#3956|8|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#3959|8|1|170|alpino_lc|97
T#3965|40|1|22770|alpino_lc|4415
T#3974|14|1|320|alpino_lc|118
T#3992|10|1|230|alpino_lc|151
T#4031|11|1|230|alpino_lc|73
T#4050|10|1|350|alpino_lc|259
T#4059|6|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#4069|20|1|6690|alpino_lc|2252
T#4079|8|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#4086|16|1|760|alpino_lc|823
T#4100|46|1|20230|alpino_lc|2718
T#4115|24|1|460|alpino_lc|127
T#4121|11|1|280|alpino_lc|129
T#4133|15|1|320|alpino_lc|186
T#4139|29|1|1670|alpino_lc|500
T#4141|30|1|4180|alpino_lc|894
T#4142|39|1|3840|alpino_lc|2388
T#4143|14|1|950|alpino_lc|148
T#4152|10|1|300|alpino_lc|149
T#4160|15|1|390|alpino_lc|104
T#4168|6|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#4177|8|1|250|alpino_lc|93
T#4189|7|1|40|alpino_lc|24
T#4198|8|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#4199|29|1|9360|alpino_lc|4294
T#4216|12|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#4230|15|1|350|alpino_lc|157
T#4243|19|1|3670|alpino_lc|3279
T#4247|6|1|180|alpino_lc|121
T#4249|18|1|6210|alpino_lc|2648
T#4252|17|1|310|alpino_lc|146
T#4276|10|1|420|alpino_lc|309
T#4296|10|1|290|alpino_lc|249
T#4302|35|1|3430|alpino_lc|4322
T#4308|44|1|11560|alpino_lc|1351
T#4310|54|1|17100|alpino_lc|20103
T#4313|10|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#4320|8|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#4337|7|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#4339|11|1|680|alpino_lc|285
T#4346|12|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#4370|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|649
T#4379|21|1|730|alpino_lc|378
T#4384|26|1|7870|alpino_lc|2463
T#4386|13|1|600|alpino_lc|169
T#4403|17|1|560|alpino_lc|135
T#4414|17|1|4230|alpino_lc|3708
T#4423|16|1|510|alpino_lc|182
T#4457|36|1|3730|alpino_lc|3060
T#4472|24|1|800|alpino_lc|255
T#4475|11|1|240|alpino_lc|86
T#4491|19|1|850|alpino_lc|370
T#4510|7|1|80|alpino_lc|81
T#4515|22|1|2750|alpino_lc|683
T#4534|18|1|410|alpino_lc|156
T#4538|11|1|730|alpino_lc|604
T#4550|31|1|10970|alpino_lc|4698
T#4552|9|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#4555|10|1|590|alpino_lc|917
T#4566|9|1|240|alpino_lc|259
T#4577|11|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#4580|54|1|35370|alpino_lc|38202
T#4586|12|1|420|alpino_lc|240
T#4591|14|1|270|alpino_lc|132
T#4605|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#4607|9|1|200|alpino_lc|68
T#4633|30|1|2760|alpino_lc|1113
T#4634|20|1|1870|alpino_lc|1250
T#4664|50|1|5700|alpino_lc|4680
T#4671|40|1|8960|alpino_lc|2265
T#4675|19|1|1620|alpino_lc|3402
T#4679|14|1|600|alpino_lc|109
T#4685|30|1|2560|alpino_lc|1649
T#4689|25|1|1550|alpino_lc|540
T#4692|12|1|200|alpino_lc|212
T#4698|31|1|33090|alpino_lc|4892
T#4715|13|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#4742|29|1|1650|alpino_lc|942
T#4750|19|1|1820|alpino_lc|663
T#4752|39|1|5400|alpino_lc|1526
T#4761|36|1|17090|alpino_lc|4661
T#4767|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#4781|32|1|13040|alpino_lc|8351
T#4801|19|1|450|alpino_lc|342
T#4806|28|1|4750|alpino_lc|1118
T#4812|31|1|2560|alpino_lc|211
T#4817|18|1|3080|alpino_lc|441
T#4819|30|1|2100|alpino_lc|430
T#4820|23|1|11060|alpino_lc|2210
T#4863|36|1|41220|alpino_lc|18103
T#4875|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|606
T#4884|15|1|470|alpino_lc|128
T#4886|20|1|1670|alpino_lc|1198
T#4897|19|1|2240|alpino_lc|2233
T#4922|40|1|5330|alpino_lc|679
T#4964|43|1|70330|alpino_lc|7111
T#4968|10|1|340|alpino_lc|67
T#4987|12|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#4997|22|1|5480|alpino_lc|911
T#5000|54|1|167720|alpino_lc|17923
T#5001|15|1|10810|alpino_lc|5769
T#5023|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|753
T#5028|10|1|360|alpino_lc|315
T#5031|34|1|750|alpino_lc|659
T#5039|18|1|530|alpino_lc|218
T#5052|37|1|800|alpino_lc|393
T#5053|31|1|4350|alpino_lc|5362
T#5062|19|1|450|alpino_lc|339
T#5065|27|1|1580|alpino_lc|478
T#5071|47|1|11450|alpino_lc|3858
T#5073|18|1|590|alpino_lc|95
T#5083|42|1|11320|alpino_lc|1742
T#5085|7|1|110|alpino_lc|87
T#5095|14|1|360|alpino_lc|70
T#5098|17|1|390|alpino_lc|69
T#5100|13|1|340|alpino_lc|152
T#5113|18|1|860|alpino_lc|372
T#5118|17|1|670|alpino_lc|581
T#5122|20|1|1780|alpino_lc|1015
T#5123|11|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#5132|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|705
T#5148|44|1|20700|alpino_lc|6506
T#5169|26|1|1980|alpino_lc|897
T#5171|8|1|230|alpino_lc|105
T#5175|38|1|3420|alpino_lc|977
T#5194|15|1|260|alpino_lc|123
T#5215|35|1|4510|alpino_lc|3177
T#5218|51|1|14510|alpino_lc|5993
T#5222|24|1|2740|alpino_lc|1104
T#5238|17|1|800|alpino_lc|444
T#5245|48|1|31630|alpino_lc|23360
T#5249|18|1|1540|alpino_lc|633
T#5254|22|1|530|alpino_lc|242
T#5256|33|1|1880|alpino_lc|331
T#5263|7|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#5286|7|1|230|alpino_lc|89
T#5291|22|1|1920|alpino_lc|1034
T#5297|66|1|77150|alpino_lc|11511
T#5300|14|1|620|alpino_lc|369
T#5304|21|1|1390|alpino_lc|310
T#5305|33|1|1830|alpino_lc|603
T#5316|27|1|330|alpino_lc|225
T#5327|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#5341|13|1|410|alpino_lc|201
T#5343|19|1|3550|alpino_lc|2150
T#5358|29|1|14150|alpino_lc|18596
T#5361|22|1|520|alpino_lc|484
T#5371|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|1003
T#5374|9|1|190|alpino_lc|79
T#5398|13|1|2830|alpino_lc|2330
T#5401|24|1|4170|alpino_lc|2825
T#5408|22|1|1270|alpino_lc|650
T#5410|21|1|2070|alpino_lc|1421
T#5415|22|1|1090|alpino_lc|418
T#5417|28|1|2300|alpino_lc|1864
T#5428|9|1|500|alpino_lc|397
T#5456|7|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#5458|14|1|670|alpino_lc|350
T#5462|31|1|6800|alpino_lc|13402
T#5491|35|1|18520|alpino_lc|18939
T#5520|22|1|3290|alpino_lc|1083
T#5534|8|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#5538|17|1|920|alpino_lc|781
T#5539|8|1|630|alpino_lc|716
T#5563|17|1|1490|alpino_lc|833
T#5566|27|1|1780|alpino_lc|1100
T#5569|15|1|360|alpino_lc|248
T#5577|16|1|320|alpino_lc|211
T#5600|15|1|610|alpino_lc|464
T#5620|16|1|4160|alpino_lc|3304
T#5623|13|1|190|alpino_lc|45
T#5629|12|1|650|alpino_lc|377
T#5639|12|1|440|alpino_lc|519
T#5661|9|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#5761|16|1|410|alpino_lc|373
T#5782|57|1|60810|alpino_lc|49085
T#5798|22|1|2280|alpino_lc|2215
T#5800|29|1|3660|alpino_lc|1426
T#5813|6|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#5822|24|1|860|alpino_lc|879
T#5835|15|1|360|alpino_lc|209
T#5839|20|1|390|alpino_lc|147
T#5840|38|1|29460|alpino_lc|20705
T#5842|8|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#5844|14|1|150|alpino_lc|42
T#5855|16|1|7980|alpino_lc|1608
T#5865|19|1|1280|alpino_lc|796
T#5876|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#5886|12|1|300|alpino_lc|183
T#5894|27|1|18000|alpino_lc|11749
T#5919|18|1|780|alpino_lc|580
T#5928|12|1|640|alpino_lc|564
T#5951|36|1|2690|alpino_lc|2176
T#5960|17|1|540|alpino_lc|175
T#5967|42|1|18680|alpino_lc|7518
T#5970|18|1|500|alpino_lc|171
T#5975|27|1|1460|alpino_lc|931
T#5979|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#5982|10|1|240|alpino_lc|258
T#5988|16|1|500|alpino_lc|157
T#5990|15|1|470|alpino_lc|271
T#6011|20|1|1240|alpino_lc|277
T#6014|15|1|760|alpino_lc|264
T#6022|9|1|490|alpino_lc|439
T#6026|18|1|620|alpino_lc|902
T#6029|21|1|1270|alpino_lc|1153
T#6038|28|1|7090|alpino_lc|1456
T#6040|7|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#6048|13|1|250|alpino_lc|211
T#6055|5|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#6058|37|1|67680|alpino_lc|37293
T#6062|8|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#6064|9|1|1240|alpino_lc|433
T#6089|7|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#6090|6|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#6098|15|1|670|alpino_lc|301
T#6113|36|1|9410|alpino_lc|3563
T#6114|25|1|4430|alpino_lc|4271
T#6149|12|1|310|alpino_lc|511
T#6156|27|1|3750|alpino_lc|2535
T#6173|21|1|4450|alpino_lc|1862
T#6176|17|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#6190|15|1|3240|alpino_lc|2179
T#6196|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#6202|24|1|5740|alpino_lc|5304
T#6225|12|1|410|alpino_lc|47
T#6230|14|1|210|alpino_lc|104
T#6241|23|1|820|alpino_lc|427
T#6242|11|1|730|alpino_lc|468
T#6243|8|1|90|alpino_lc|68
T#6256|30|1|2890|alpino_lc|5316
T#6273|28|1|8380|alpino_lc|2348
T#6303|17|1|670|alpino_lc|145
T#6317|14|1|490|alpino_lc|326
T#6321|18|1|1340|alpino_lc|571
T#6330|8|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#6332|14|1|510|alpino_lc|606
T#6336|20|1|830|alpino_lc|951
T#6344|16|1|470|alpino_lc|102
T#6367|25|1|7830|alpino_lc|10793
T#6368|31|1|1210|alpino_lc|597
T#6374|25|1|1740|alpino_lc|410
T#6378|17|1|600|alpino_lc|496
T#6386|12|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#6392|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#6408|23|1|10240|alpino_lc|3897
T#6414|16|1|540|alpino_lc|326
T#6415|8|1|210|alpino_lc|114
T#6420|37|1|22180|alpino_lc|7652
T#6429|29|1|1160|alpino_lc|695
T#6456|13|1|950|alpino_lc|167
T#6474|58|1|20480|alpino_lc|29789
T#6482|15|1|2020|alpino_lc|1063
T#6485|3|1|10|alpino_lc|9
T#6490|18|1|720|alpino_lc|667
T#6491|27|1|4590|alpino_lc|2127
T#6543|26|1|1240|alpino_lc|425
T#6546|16|1|350|alpino_lc|73
T#6569|28|1|2000|alpino_lc|861
T#6576|13|1|650|alpino_lc|566
T#6587|9|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#6595|19|1|6520|alpino_lc|4263
T#6602|5|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#6614|32|1|130160|alpino_lc|10536
T#6626|13|1|790|alpino_lc|677
T#6632|32|1|54070|alpino_lc|15448
T#6636|9|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#6665|6|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#6673|6|1|70|alpino_lc|69
T#6674|8|1|160|alpino_lc|128
T#6675|4|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#6691|10|1|470|alpino_lc|134
T#6705|22|1|1410|alpino_lc|1228
T#6720|39|1|150|alpino_lc|31
T#6722|5|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#6728|16|1|550|alpino_lc|173
T#6733|12|1|410|alpino_lc|80
T#6740|16|1|460|alpino_lc|321
T#6751|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|951
T#6770|20|1|620|alpino_lc|622
T#6800|20|1|4080|alpino_lc|2533
T#6806|36|1|13460|alpino_lc|4446
T#6812|17|1|520|alpino_lc|297
T#6816|14|1|240|alpino_lc|68
T#6821|11|1|800|alpino_lc|548
T#6832|9|1|460|alpino_lc|256
T#6839|26|1|3460|alpino_lc|687
T#6847|16|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#6871|6|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#6895|17|1|550|alpino_lc|288
T#6898|14|1|630|alpino_lc|231
T#6902|10|1|160|alpino_lc|124
T#6910|8|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#6934|16|1|480|alpino_lc|394
T#6945|23|1|8100|alpino_lc|3921
T#6950|12|1|430|alpino_lc|355
T#6956|40|1|22830|alpino_lc|27903
T#6957|37|1|14640|alpino_lc|8389
T#6962|11|1|680|alpino_lc|586
T#6963|14|1|530|alpino_lc|488
T#6977|14|1|510|alpino_lc|296
T#6978|21|1|2650|alpino_lc|1727
T#6986|12|1|530|alpino_lc|276
T#7000|18|1|340|alpino_lc|143
T#7001|11|1|300|alpino_lc|266
T#7014|22|1|590|alpino_lc|817
T#7015|12|1|190|alpino_lc|90
T#7020|37|1|4210|alpino_lc|1644
T#7023|7|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#7024|17|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#7026|11|1|2040|alpino_lc|597
T#7034|20|1|740|alpino_lc|712
T#7044|13|1|290|alpino_lc|244
T#7058|17|1|810|alpino_lc|851
T#7071|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#7081|16|1|300|alpino_lc|34
T#7093|16|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#7098|26|1|800|alpino_lc|156
T#7102|25|1|370|alpino_lc|179
T#7111|46|1|111180|alpino_lc|52228
T#7126|16|1|610|alpino_lc|534
T#7128|9|1|630|alpino_lc|210
T#7142|33|1|1580|alpino_lc|1037
T#7152|13|1|740|alpino_lc|235
