cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10720 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 15620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 9580 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 16770 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 19790 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10780 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 14920 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 11940 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 21860 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 21680 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 15440 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 19190 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 55800 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 32420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9020 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 34260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 39030 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 25580 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 5990 msec
cputime total 11020 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 12900 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 6550 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 21100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 23960 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 9800 msec
cputime total 47780 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 7180 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 88000 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 83240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 10890 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 28660 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 9900 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 14190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 21310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 7950 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 15780 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 14420 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 16120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 12520 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 29800 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 8950 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 23860 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 8480 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 21570 msec
cputime total 41780 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 17510 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 13900 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10910 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 12120 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 15810 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 27200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 64900 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 49130 msec
cputime total 7830 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 24510 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 16090 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10650 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 11550 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 13250 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 14920 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 12230 msec
cputime total 15370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 7420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 62280 msec
cputime total 21670 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 36390 msec
cputime total 35070 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 42470 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 24090 msec
cputime total 11160 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 13620 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 28350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 28960 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4950 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 19250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 7670 msec
cputime total 45070 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 35440 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 11740 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 12690 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 12450 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 74560 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 28530 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 6360 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 20280 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 31530 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 7540 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
T#14|31|1|3540|alpino_lc|2879
T#33|19|1|1060|alpino_lc|451
T#42|5|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#44|14|1|520|alpino_lc|413
T#47|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#63|17|1|260|alpino_lc|154
T#116|17|1|3030|alpino_lc|4284
T#121|12|1|1020|alpino_lc|999
T#141|18|1|440|alpino_lc|323
T#151|18|1|360|alpino_lc|145
T#161|12|1|240|alpino_lc|101
T#168|36|1|10720|alpino_lc|1849
T#180|7|1|110|alpino_lc|13
T#188|8|1|430|alpino_lc|460
T#191|12|1|300|alpino_lc|100
T#198|32|1|2240|alpino_lc|1588
T#220|17|1|510|alpino_lc|331
T#266|12|1|290|alpino_lc|75
T#281|33|1|1270|alpino_lc|506
T#284|12|1|470|alpino_lc|601
T#291|22|1|4810|alpino_lc|2577
T#302|16|1|400|alpino_lc|431
T#310|37|1|3650|alpino_lc|615
T#330|18|1|2230|alpino_lc|1049
T#331|17|1|8220|alpino_lc|7549
T#360|22|1|900|alpino_lc|415
T#363|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#372|8|1|310|alpino_lc|157
T#373|20|1|330|alpino_lc|193
T#379|27|1|1550|alpino_lc|938
T#380|8|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#403|29|1|370|alpino_lc|102
T#405|18|1|980|alpino_lc|218
T#409|29|1|15620|alpino_lc|4991
T#416|10|1|210|alpino_lc|36
T#429|6|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#432|12|1|220|alpino_lc|153
T#439|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#447|10|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#462|9|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#473|12|1|740|alpino_lc|290
T#480|10|1|510|alpino_lc|701
T#508|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#559|4|1|130|alpino_lc|16
T#568|14|1|540|alpino_lc|211
T#579|24|1|9580|alpino_lc|5006
T#581|22|1|1090|alpino_lc|724
T#590|46|1|16770|alpino_lc|5387
T#637|11|1|180|alpino_lc|103
T#646|28|1|820|alpino_lc|328
T#654|30|1|19790|alpino_lc|9229
T#664|27|1|1380|alpino_lc|683
T#670|12|1|240|alpino_lc|210
T#682|8|1|90|alpino_lc|101
T#704|12|1|360|alpino_lc|519
T#709|9|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#716|24|1|6220|alpino_lc|2062
T#741|15|1|230|alpino_lc|111
T#757|11|1|670|alpino_lc|687
T#759|21|1|10780|alpino_lc|3246
T#764|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#766|16|1|1160|alpino_lc|1237
T#767|22|1|4200|alpino_lc|2291
T#769|6|1|190|alpino_lc|14
T#782|39|1|8590|alpino_lc|2002
T#785|15|1|1240|alpino_lc|971
T#801|13|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#813|13|1|260|alpino_lc|237
T#816|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#819|38|1|2930|alpino_lc|2754
T#829|17|1|680|alpino_lc|641
T#832|24|1|2210|alpino_lc|577
T#834|17|1|270|alpino_lc|50
T#850|16|1|990|alpino_lc|567
T#878|29|1|14920|alpino_lc|5268
T#880|10|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#881|10|1|210|alpino_lc|105
T#883|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#902|35|1|1740|alpino_lc|1986
T#904|23|1|2670|alpino_lc|4512
T#912|26|1|7100|alpino_lc|7123
T#913|22|1|2090|alpino_lc|1238
T#914|16|1|320|alpino_lc|111
T#948|49|1|2790|alpino_lc|1062
T#957|24|1|1000|alpino_lc|599
T#981|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#995|10|1|180|alpino_lc|41
T#997|10|1|290|alpino_lc|187
T#1004|21|1|530|alpino_lc|257
T#1006|8|1|360|alpino_lc|275
T#1015|12|1|230|alpino_lc|159
T#1020|22|1|18140|alpino_lc|1023
T#1045|11|1|200|alpino_lc|173
T#1050|16|1|1760|alpino_lc|1682
T#1052|27|1|11940|alpino_lc|4531
T#1053|24|1|2250|alpino_lc|914
T#1055|35|1|21860|alpino_lc|13129
T#1060|20|1|560|alpino_lc|411
T#1065|25|1|510|alpino_lc|191
T#1074|13|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#1090|33|1|4320|alpino_lc|4129
T#1091|32|1|5170|alpino_lc|6816
T#1094|12|1|200|alpino_lc|95
T#1101|11|1|180|alpino_lc|49
T#1111|13|1|480|alpino_lc|545
T#1120|12|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#1123|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|880
T#1132|16|1|620|alpino_lc|260
T#1137|21|1|730|alpino_lc|166
T#1141|26|1|1260|alpino_lc|2261
T#1144|12|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#1146|25|1|6520|alpino_lc|7339
T#1170|39|1|21680|alpino_lc|12082
T#1200|29|1|2660|alpino_lc|1037
T#1204|9|1|220|alpino_lc|158
T#1216|15|1|540|alpino_lc|267
T#1221|13|1|560|alpino_lc|617
T#1226|18|1|720|alpino_lc|169
T#1254|16|1|630|alpino_lc|392
T#1255|8|1|90|alpino_lc|64
T#1276|22|1|800|alpino_lc|758
T#1290|19|1|2610|alpino_lc|1147
T#1295|23|1|2100|alpino_lc|742
T#1307|9|1|190|alpino_lc|32
T#1332|20|1|430|alpino_lc|178
T#1348|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|807
T#1355|20|1|3890|alpino_lc|2947
T#1367|16|1|940|alpino_lc|302
T#1392|19|1|890|alpino_lc|437
T#1395|16|1|1260|alpino_lc|453
T#1398|16|1|330|alpino_lc|198
T#1400|14|1|1520|alpino_lc|430
T#1409|19|1|2460|alpino_lc|2319
T#1419|27|1|15440|alpino_lc|3520
T#1421|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|323
T#1428|10|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#1429|10|1|500|alpino_lc|383
T#1445|10|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#1469|14|1|340|alpino_lc|108
T#1476|16|1|290|alpino_lc|73
T#1519|14|1|300|alpino_lc|134
T#1530|13|1|3360|alpino_lc|2201
T#1534|42|1|3240|alpino_lc|3909
T#1551|22|1|1880|alpino_lc|450
T#1557|37|1|5080|alpino_lc|1982
T#1574|27|1|2880|alpino_lc|2126
T#1575|27|1|1660|alpino_lc|739
T#1579|19|1|1020|alpino_lc|195
T#1623|9|1|250|alpino_lc|62
T#1626|15|1|450|alpino_lc|267
T#1630|8|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#1631|25|1|1240|alpino_lc|451
T#1633|21|1|960|alpino_lc|1211
T#1638|31|1|19190|alpino_lc|10289
T#1644|35|1|8890|alpino_lc|5357
T#1645|20|1|4060|alpino_lc|2086
T#1657|13|1|260|alpino_lc|78
T#1662|20|1|580|alpino_lc|309
T#1665|20|1|1010|alpino_lc|1174
T#1690|40|1|2560|alpino_lc|1366
T#1692|6|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#1698|7|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#1703|13|1|260|alpino_lc|81
T#1711|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#1713|8|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#1714|7|1|250|alpino_lc|254
T#1718|22|1|1710|alpino_lc|2854
T#1730|14|1|120|alpino_lc|34
T#1734|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#1742|43|1|55800|alpino_lc|19713
T#1754|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#1762|12|1|590|alpino_lc|342
T#1768|30|1|1500|alpino_lc|706
T#1780|9|1|210|alpino_lc|41
T#1787|31|1|860|alpino_lc|386
T#1800|16|1|310|alpino_lc|175
T#1804|9|1|70|alpino_lc|49
T#1806|6|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#1815|50|1|32420|alpino_lc|27409
T#1816|5|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#1829|21|1|850|alpino_lc|275
T#1832|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1041
T#1834|19|1|4070|alpino_lc|3715
T#1855|8|1|280|alpino_lc|287
T#1857|7|1|170|alpino_lc|117
T#1859|9|1|180|alpino_lc|150
T#1861|35|1|9020|alpino_lc|4666
T#1868|15|1|1320|alpino_lc|1696
T#1871|32|1|4730|alpino_lc|3670
T#1881|10|1|360|alpino_lc|255
T#1896|33|1|34260|alpino_lc|14282
T#1918|6|1|140|alpino_lc|156
T#1919|6|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#1922|13|1|340|alpino_lc|176
T#1934|23|1|3660|alpino_lc|6234
T#1960|23|1|4770|alpino_lc|3240
T#1979|25|1|4580|alpino_lc|1948
T#2001|37|1|3980|alpino_lc|1731
T#2003|26|1|1770|alpino_lc|893
T#2017|10|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#2022|21|1|5260|alpino_lc|1991
T#2028|24|1|2740|alpino_lc|1203
T#2068|24|1|4520|alpino_lc|4460
T#2077|29|1|9960|alpino_lc|11995
T#2079|23|1|1610|alpino_lc|1080
T#2125|38|1|39030|alpino_lc|8352
T#2126|18|1|520|alpino_lc|232
T#2138|20|1|3410|alpino_lc|2283
T#2146|14|1|790|alpino_lc|407
T#2157|18|1|650|alpino_lc|129
T#2164|21|1|5570|alpino_lc|3246
T#2169|30|1|1750|alpino_lc|978
T#2170|15|1|360|alpino_lc|289
T#2171|45|1|25580|alpino_lc|10514
T#2174|33|1|1910|alpino_lc|1262
T#2185|15|1|1140|alpino_lc|824
T#2188|8|1|290|alpino_lc|266
T#2204|34|1|1120|alpino_lc|759
T#2212|22|1|5990|alpino_lc|4602
T#2218|37|1|11020|alpino_lc|5645
T#2221|23|1|950|alpino_lc|317
T#2247|33|1|6900|alpino_lc|3083
T#2249|28|1|1330|alpino_lc|1123
T#2284|18|1|1970|alpino_lc|819
T#2319|9|1|240|alpino_lc|75
T#2321|16|1|1480|alpino_lc|880
T#2323|6|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#2329|27|1|6110|alpino_lc|1421
T#2332|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#2361|21|1|6460|alpino_lc|3263
T#2362|37|1|2900|alpino_lc|1296
T#2370|25|1|12900|alpino_lc|5588
T#2372|20|1|830|alpino_lc|329
T#2379|20|1|1180|alpino_lc|533
T#2404|24|1|640|alpino_lc|319
T#2416|35|1|3020|alpino_lc|1537
T#2422|8|1|1200|alpino_lc|161
T#2427|13|1|390|alpino_lc|243
T#2467|26|1|1280|alpino_lc|379
T#2473|17|1|520|alpino_lc|304
T#2477|31|1|920|alpino_lc|417
T#2487|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|372
T#2492|32|1|6550|alpino_lc|5101
T#2502|27|1|1470|alpino_lc|432
T#2508|13|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#2516|34|1|21100|alpino_lc|6865
T#2528|15|1|250|alpino_lc|80
T#2537|28|1|4200|alpino_lc|2303
T#2539|26|1|1590|alpino_lc|469
T#2551|27|1|890|alpino_lc|499
T#2553|12|1|220|alpino_lc|75
T#2554|16|1|270|alpino_lc|149
T#2561|23|1|1520|alpino_lc|1160
T#2568|12|1|530|alpino_lc|460
T#2573|32|1|4650|alpino_lc|4018
T#2593|8|1|80|alpino_lc|66
T#2595|40|1|23960|alpino_lc|10870
T#2602|37|1|12770|alpino_lc|1663
T#2609|21|1|930|alpino_lc|416
T#2612|27|1|4960|alpino_lc|2791
T#2622|20|1|430|alpino_lc|228
T#2629|26|1|1040|alpino_lc|207
T#2637|22|1|600|alpino_lc|289
T#2641|7|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#2646|18|1|590|alpino_lc|260
T#2647|15|1|240|alpino_lc|41
T#2655|6|1|300|alpino_lc|602
T#2672|29|1|3810|alpino_lc|2177
T#2682|29|1|2180|alpino_lc|1093
T#2684|10|1|480|alpino_lc|135
T#2685|11|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#2686|14|1|2180|alpino_lc|736
T#2698|24|1|9800|alpino_lc|5139
T#2702|33|1|47780|alpino_lc|7530
T#2705|21|1|780|alpino_lc|300
T#2754|27|1|790|alpino_lc|283
T#2767|22|1|7180|alpino_lc|1908
T#2770|22|1|2600|alpino_lc|870
T#2774|22|1|1540|alpino_lc|573
T#2776|13|1|270|alpino_lc|251
T#2781|9|1|140|alpino_lc|42
T#2797|17|1|300|alpino_lc|70
T#2803|47|1|88000|alpino_lc|14943
T#2806|19|1|1390|alpino_lc|1411
T#2808|26|1|5190|alpino_lc|597
T#2810|21|1|560|alpino_lc|191
T#2816|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|759
T#2835|46|1|83240|alpino_lc|39944
T#2840|12|1|200|alpino_lc|113
T#2842|16|1|360|alpino_lc|202
T#2854|12|1|510|alpino_lc|167
T#2862|17|1|740|alpino_lc|708
T#2863|12|1|440|alpino_lc|346
T#2867|23|1|6750|alpino_lc|5761
T#2882|24|1|730|alpino_lc|600
T#2884|25|1|2320|alpino_lc|608
T#2911|27|1|7130|alpino_lc|6933
T#2919|24|1|4320|alpino_lc|1402
T#2926|21|1|1610|alpino_lc|568
T#2939|16|1|2350|alpino_lc|2778
T#2959|32|1|4490|alpino_lc|1912
T#2967|12|1|310|alpino_lc|234
T#2977|6|1|100|alpino_lc|92
T#2982|19|1|1620|alpino_lc|669
T#2983|11|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#2989|16|1|560|alpino_lc|322
T#2997|35|1|1140|alpino_lc|336
T#3005|32|1|10890|alpino_lc|3596
T#3008|16|1|190|alpino_lc|66
T#3009|12|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#3010|24|1|660|alpino_lc|283
T#3031|29|1|1210|alpino_lc|821
T#3041|8|1|150|alpino_lc|84
T#3047|23|1|1580|alpino_lc|1104
T#3061|8|1|460|alpino_lc|270
T#3090|25|1|5450|alpino_lc|2484
T#3099|12|1|1060|alpino_lc|832
T#3109|15|1|440|alpino_lc|438
T#3113|40|1|2270|alpino_lc|1602
T#3117|14|1|170|alpino_lc|169
T#3118|23|1|1850|alpino_lc|1804
T#3125|33|1|2820|alpino_lc|1052
T#3132|8|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#3164|26|1|2260|alpino_lc|573
T#3176|21|1|28660|alpino_lc|14600
T#3189|19|1|1500|alpino_lc|954
T#3190|10|1|230|alpino_lc|53
T#3247|27|1|9900|alpino_lc|4400
T#3268|18|1|710|alpino_lc|458
T#3272|11|1|220|alpino_lc|74
T#3329|12|1|270|alpino_lc|160
T#3342|35|1|3260|alpino_lc|1789
T#3365|28|1|2430|alpino_lc|1446
T#3380|14|1|360|alpino_lc|140
T#3382|13|1|240|alpino_lc|175
T#3383|21|1|2670|alpino_lc|1429
T#3387|9|1|80|alpino_lc|69
T#3389|30|1|14190|alpino_lc|10367
T#3392|10|1|190|alpino_lc|219
T#3399|30|1|21310|alpino_lc|5335
T#3418|9|1|130|alpino_lc|133
T#3424|7|1|320|alpino_lc|394
T#3426|16|1|240|alpino_lc|66
T#3427|18|1|850|alpino_lc|356
T#3443|17|1|480|alpino_lc|174
T#3452|17|1|780|alpino_lc|770
T#3460|14|1|1460|alpino_lc|2006
T#3466|8|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#3480|13|1|190|alpino_lc|55
T#3515|12|1|2330|alpino_lc|1989
T#3517|9|1|230|alpino_lc|178
T#3520|23|1|2920|alpino_lc|1794
T#3538|9|1|840|alpino_lc|719
T#3541|19|1|810|alpino_lc|225
T#3549|19|1|1760|alpino_lc|935
T#3554|15|1|350|alpino_lc|201
T#3559|19|1|390|alpino_lc|104
T#3577|8|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#3586|13|1|190|alpino_lc|110
T#3599|38|1|7950|alpino_lc|2074
T#3601|16|1|650|alpino_lc|285
T#3607|10|1|180|alpino_lc|55
T#3624|28|1|1870|alpino_lc|818
T#3643|22|1|670|alpino_lc|531
T#3669|16|1|320|alpino_lc|222
T#3707|7|1|340|alpino_lc|306
T#3723|15|1|870|alpino_lc|543
T#3759|19|1|680|alpino_lc|372
T#3760|29|1|1600|alpino_lc|1243
T#3768|21|1|2300|alpino_lc|1217
T#3776|19|1|15780|alpino_lc|11402
T#3777|29|1|2660|alpino_lc|915
T#3784|39|1|14420|alpino_lc|4372
T#3792|35|1|4160|alpino_lc|714
T#3803|28|1|16120|alpino_lc|6948
T#3804|20|1|400|alpino_lc|163
T#3819|24|1|4510|alpino_lc|3354
T#3855|13|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#3857|13|1|520|alpino_lc|578
T#3859|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|1019
T#3861|13|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#3899|11|1|400|alpino_lc|303
T#3910|10|1|350|alpino_lc|289
T#3915|46|1|12520|alpino_lc|11721
T#3923|24|1|1750|alpino_lc|1434
T#3929|12|1|180|alpino_lc|173
T#3932|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#3947|25|1|820|alpino_lc|469
T#3958|9|1|280|alpino_lc|49
T#3968|24|1|1260|alpino_lc|439
T#3984|39|1|29800|alpino_lc|8396
T#3997|19|1|2190|alpino_lc|986
T#4004|44|1|3570|alpino_lc|2176
T#4008|26|1|8950|alpino_lc|10997
T#4009|21|1|500|alpino_lc|326
T#4029|10|1|240|alpino_lc|96
T#4030|10|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#4037|21|1|1300|alpino_lc|319
T#4042|34|1|3180|alpino_lc|1050
T#4045|15|1|1620|alpino_lc|2128
T#4051|11|1|270|alpino_lc|190
T#4060|20|1|1050|alpino_lc|496
T#4062|20|1|640|alpino_lc|480
T#4066|9|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#4072|14|1|430|alpino_lc|286
T#4075|31|1|2070|alpino_lc|627
T#4088|10|1|330|alpino_lc|330
T#4089|34|1|1050|alpino_lc|1147
T#4092|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#4093|33|1|23860|alpino_lc|5895
T#4097|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|429
T#4102|41|1|3450|alpino_lc|3879
T#4106|31|1|8480|alpino_lc|1736
T#4108|15|1|210|alpino_lc|54
T#4117|22|1|6930|alpino_lc|3435
T#4150|4|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#4165|28|1|2710|alpino_lc|679
T#4169|7|1|210|alpino_lc|17
T#4193|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#4206|3|1|10|alpino_lc|6
T#4208|45|1|21570|alpino_lc|4968
T#4211|54|1|41780|alpino_lc|48869
T#4214|16|1|220|alpino_lc|138
T#4231|11|1|550|alpino_lc|770
T#4233|20|1|4750|alpino_lc|7287
T#4258|18|1|780|alpino_lc|1012
T#4273|45|1|17510|alpino_lc|5730
T#4307|22|1|2490|alpino_lc|1539
T#4324|22|1|750|alpino_lc|355
T#4325|29|1|13900|alpino_lc|11776
T#4326|25|1|3650|alpino_lc|5342
T#4351|25|1|1370|alpino_lc|682
T#4362|22|1|530|alpino_lc|268
T#4374|18|1|400|alpino_lc|207
T#4408|14|1|190|alpino_lc|85
T#4416|23|1|10910|alpino_lc|5965
T#4418|11|1|190|alpino_lc|176
T#4421|7|1|210|alpino_lc|26
T#4441|29|1|12120|alpino_lc|15092
T#4477|33|1|8870|alpino_lc|1072
T#4486|20|1|15810|alpino_lc|29199
T#4505|30|1|8890|alpino_lc|7732
T#4509|27|1|720|alpino_lc|521
T#4518|6|1|170|alpino_lc|127
T#4524|31|1|27200|alpino_lc|31550
T#4525|8|1|210|alpino_lc|168
T#4536|11|1|190|alpino_lc|158
T#4551|14|1|220|alpino_lc|82
T#4553|11|1|250|alpino_lc|119
T#4560|15|1|360|alpino_lc|174
T#4571|5|1|10|alpino_lc|7
T#4574|22|1|410|alpino_lc|457
T#4578|33|1|4180|alpino_lc|1652
T#4581|25|1|690|alpino_lc|433
T#4584|14|1|640|alpino_lc|256
T#4585|30|1|4350|alpino_lc|987
T#4597|24|1|2230|alpino_lc|1596
T#4613|9|1|190|alpino_lc|50
T#4617|15|1|360|alpino_lc|449
T#4624|11|1|320|alpino_lc|67
T#4625|20|1|960|alpino_lc|335
T#4639|4|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#4652|14|1|250|alpino_lc|169
T#4655|17|1|5830|alpino_lc|3193
T#4660|17|1|220|alpino_lc|128
T#4668|31|1|64900|alpino_lc|9646
T#4670|29|1|1460|alpino_lc|2990
T#4713|35|1|49130|alpino_lc|8137
T#4721|32|1|7830|alpino_lc|12388
T#4723|30|1|1590|alpino_lc|1013
T#4729|23|1|2750|alpino_lc|1795
T#4741|13|1|1490|alpino_lc|750
T#4743|33|1|7810|alpino_lc|11402
T#4745|8|1|160|alpino_lc|96
T#4757|12|1|290|alpino_lc|296
T#4791|10|1|360|alpino_lc|252
T#4792|17|1|860|alpino_lc|870
T#4807|29|1|3950|alpino_lc|1409
T#4814|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#4829|12|1|160|alpino_lc|104
T#4849|44|1|24510|alpino_lc|2231
T#4854|16|1|200|alpino_lc|89
T#4858|21|1|790|alpino_lc|420
T#4862|22|1|680|alpino_lc|121
T#4864|12|1|210|alpino_lc|116
T#4868|12|1|1130|alpino_lc|622
T#4877|13|1|220|alpino_lc|48
T#4888|29|1|2870|alpino_lc|660
T#4899|7|1|300|alpino_lc|29
T#4913|24|1|2780|alpino_lc|628
T#4919|31|1|5600|alpino_lc|1365
T#4950|29|1|16090|alpino_lc|11690
T#4952|28|1|2020|alpino_lc|315
T#4976|12|1|260|alpino_lc|164
T#4979|5|1|110|alpino_lc|85
T#4981|23|1|840|alpino_lc|573
T#5002|17|1|330|alpino_lc|51
T#5017|31|1|10650|alpino_lc|6613
T#5022|11|1|910|alpino_lc|479
T#5036|34|1|1730|alpino_lc|1282
T#5045|7|1|180|alpino_lc|100
T#5049|21|1|11550|alpino_lc|2280
T#5058|13|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#5063|38|1|13250|alpino_lc|3998
T#5074|20|1|3230|alpino_lc|923
T#5075|24|1|14920|alpino_lc|4475
T#5076|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|945
T#5078|25|1|910|alpino_lc|233
T#5090|7|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#5134|35|1|2150|alpino_lc|931
T#5149|13|1|590|alpino_lc|619
T#5155|25|1|2360|alpino_lc|1307
T#5168|6|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#5176|10|1|130|alpino_lc|105
T#5186|11|1|430|alpino_lc|286
T#5206|25|1|12460|alpino_lc|12291
T#5233|5|1|90|alpino_lc|68
T#5235|8|1|100|alpino_lc|85
T#5242|17|1|1780|alpino_lc|1083
T#5250|22|1|370|alpino_lc|241
T#5260|12|1|320|alpino_lc|315
T#5288|5|1|240|alpino_lc|79
T#5292|25|1|3810|alpino_lc|1622
T#5302|33|1|2360|alpino_lc|594
T#5326|40|1|12230|alpino_lc|675
T#5336|24|1|15370|alpino_lc|4390
T#5337|12|1|140|alpino_lc|107
T#5339|14|1|250|alpino_lc|90
T#5344|14|1|7420|alpino_lc|3198
T#5349|15|1|430|alpino_lc|91
T#5383|11|1|440|alpino_lc|339
T#5390|31|1|2680|alpino_lc|1658
T#5419|48|1|62280|alpino_lc|7833
T#5427|39|1|21670|alpino_lc|20910
T#5432|15|1|910|alpino_lc|1015
T#5437|21|1|530|alpino_lc|238
T#5443|38|1|36390|alpino_lc|15806
T#5446|40|1|35070|alpino_lc|17286
T#5459|14|1|180|alpino_lc|87
T#5469|57|1|50770|alpino_lc|18730
T#5480|6|1|160|alpino_lc|79
T#5487|18|1|670|alpino_lc|742
T#5504|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|1160
T#5537|5|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#5540|31|1|1820|alpino_lc|2761
T#5558|9|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#5572|24|1|1800|alpino_lc|991
T#5573|43|1|1860|alpino_lc|1486
T#5582|17|1|8350|alpino_lc|4235
T#5586|36|1|42470|alpino_lc|8803
T#5611|17|1|590|alpino_lc|309
T#5613|8|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#5660|12|1|550|alpino_lc|321
T#5663|16|1|890|alpino_lc|1040
T#5664|11|1|300|alpino_lc|122
T#5671|23|1|1890|alpino_lc|2036
T#5679|35|1|24090|alpino_lc|7983
T#5690|30|1|11160|alpino_lc|1951
T#5714|19|1|8040|alpino_lc|13417
T#5723|20|1|620|alpino_lc|443
T#5730|22|1|350|alpino_lc|181
T#5737|20|1|230|alpino_lc|62
T#5749|30|1|3520|alpino_lc|1723
T#5753|9|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#5759|35|1|13620|alpino_lc|6786
T#5781|25|1|1900|alpino_lc|771
T#5785|12|1|310|alpino_lc|220
T#5792|16|1|610|alpino_lc|179
T#5815|13|1|710|alpino_lc|999
T#5821|9|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#5825|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#5827|32|1|2090|alpino_lc|995
T#5841|55|1|8260|alpino_lc|5913
T#5847|24|1|320|alpino_lc|125
T#5849|12|1|790|alpino_lc|385
T#5850|12|1|250|alpino_lc|72
T#5864|17|1|770|alpino_lc|225
T#5871|7|1|190|alpino_lc|14
T#5875|4|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#5891|22|1|3930|alpino_lc|1522
T#5897|20|1|1050|alpino_lc|862
T#5898|29|1|9090|alpino_lc|1065
T#5913|20|1|28350|alpino_lc|15469
T#5914|24|1|410|alpino_lc|127
T#5921|14|1|420|alpino_lc|167
T#5937|30|1|28960|alpino_lc|11104
T#5948|20|1|760|alpino_lc|318
T#5959|21|1|870|alpino_lc|404
T#5963|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#5989|19|1|4950|alpino_lc|1947
T#5994|36|1|5120|alpino_lc|4106
T#6018|10|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#6024|9|1|290|alpino_lc|257
T#6027|18|1|380|alpino_lc|215
T#6031|5|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#6039|18|1|1990|alpino_lc|936
T#6042|12|1|230|alpino_lc|170
T#6044|7|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#6047|14|1|340|alpino_lc|247
T#6052|23|1|2810|alpino_lc|1248
T#6078|15|1|310|alpino_lc|228
T#6081|45|1|19250|alpino_lc|10601
T#6109|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#6112|15|1|510|alpino_lc|270
T#6118|11|1|220|alpino_lc|211
T#6119|18|1|3400|alpino_lc|3283
T#6122|7|1|250|alpino_lc|175
T#6127|30|1|840|alpino_lc|362
T#6138|31|1|9870|alpino_lc|5812
T#6158|18|1|1530|alpino_lc|863
T#6177|4|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#6179|15|1|600|alpino_lc|655
T#6184|18|1|840|alpino_lc|1224
T#6203|16|1|900|alpino_lc|644
T#6215|57|1|7670|alpino_lc|6446
T#6233|41|1|45070|alpino_lc|7193
T#6236|21|1|1200|alpino_lc|989
T#6245|20|1|920|alpino_lc|800
T#6250|25|1|4060|alpino_lc|3927
T#6263|11|1|240|alpino_lc|217
T#6266|7|1|100|alpino_lc|73
T#6278|20|1|1560|alpino_lc|406
T#6281|4|1|160|alpino_lc|10
T#6294|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#6305|42|1|5510|alpino_lc|2300
T#6319|12|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#6323|21|1|690|alpino_lc|186
T#6324|13|1|300|alpino_lc|211
T#6345|30|1|35440|alpino_lc|7477
T#6358|17|1|2890|alpino_lc|6577
T#6361|23|1|1090|alpino_lc|639
T#6397|28|1|2390|alpino_lc|2176
T#6402|25|1|480|alpino_lc|148
T#6405|29|1|5450|alpino_lc|467
T#6411|31|1|7660|alpino_lc|4514
T#6412|31|1|1450|alpino_lc|835
T#6428|23|1|1100|alpino_lc|285
T#6444|21|1|550|alpino_lc|612
T#6449|29|1|1100|alpino_lc|739
T#6465|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#6469|15|1|900|alpino_lc|722
T#6471|16|1|660|alpino_lc|422
T#6477|11|1|510|alpino_lc|401
T#6483|28|1|480|alpino_lc|221
T#6484|10|1|290|alpino_lc|170
T#6511|10|1|480|alpino_lc|310
T#6513|23|1|2150|alpino_lc|998
T#6515|9|1|200|alpino_lc|110
T#6528|14|1|570|alpino_lc|440
T#6529|26|1|3550|alpino_lc|1805
T#6531|29|1|1360|alpino_lc|715
T#6536|9|1|340|alpino_lc|81
T#6545|40|1|11740|alpino_lc|2655
T#6558|25|1|2480|alpino_lc|1446
T#6572|19|1|930|alpino_lc|114
T#6577|29|1|12690|alpino_lc|8440
T#6584|12|1|520|alpino_lc|206
T#6600|24|1|2450|alpino_lc|1319
T#6607|37|1|12450|alpino_lc|13760
T#6608|19|1|510|alpino_lc|386
T#6613|8|1|100|alpino_lc|91
T#6621|40|1|6160|alpino_lc|1984
T#6644|18|1|640|alpino_lc|489
T#6647|5|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#6650|30|1|5960|alpino_lc|2947
T#6651|25|1|2150|alpino_lc|1474
T#6658|34|1|74560|alpino_lc|25504
T#6669|33|1|7300|alpino_lc|1163
T#6699|11|1|430|alpino_lc|205
T#6710|18|1|330|alpino_lc|250
T#6712|44|1|28530|alpino_lc|14927
T#6727|23|1|5350|alpino_lc|4426
T#6730|26|1|2520|alpino_lc|338
T#6735|22|1|500|alpino_lc|163
T#6782|29|1|3790|alpino_lc|1454
T#6791|22|1|840|alpino_lc|666
T#6793|6|1|100|alpino_lc|58
T#6805|16|1|380|alpino_lc|163
T#6808|12|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#6818|18|1|900|alpino_lc|689
T#6823|42|1|1590|alpino_lc|1025
T#6834|28|1|1340|alpino_lc|777
T#6838|24|1|6360|alpino_lc|5579
T#6845|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|1448
T#6846|40|1|20280|alpino_lc|16662
T#6848|24|1|12770|alpino_lc|8757
T#6856|16|1|940|alpino_lc|667
T#6875|10|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#6891|10|1|340|alpino_lc|218
T#6905|7|1|420|alpino_lc|237
T#6925|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|790
T#6935|8|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#6969|37|1|31530|alpino_lc|2939
T#6994|15|1|3880|alpino_lc|1409
T#6995|10|1|200|alpino_lc|20
T#7019|28|1|1230|alpino_lc|191
T#7027|15|1|240|alpino_lc|225
T#7036|20|1|860|alpino_lc|813
T#7045|4|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#7063|26|1|1140|alpino_lc|671
T#7065|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#7078|7|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#7089|13|1|1020|alpino_lc|635
T#7106|21|1|1490|alpino_lc|1252
T#7112|26|1|1580|alpino_lc|1007
T#7120|34|1|1000|alpino_lc|385
T#7136|12|1|660|alpino_lc|850
T#7143|36|1|7540|alpino_lc|1221
T#7144|25|1|2860|alpino_lc|2961
