cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 37480 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 29890 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 24670 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 18830 msec
cputime total 7180 msec
cputime total 8750 msec
cputime total 14030 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 62150 msec
cputime total 73470 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 16010 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 8990 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 15950 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 14380 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 16990 msec
cputime total 15670 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 37990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 7780 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 8700 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 35900 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 38130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7590 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 7900 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 14170 msec
cputime total 37390 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 29780 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 8990 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 35690 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 7600 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 13370 msec
cputime total 30130 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 10570 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 8700 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 15360 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 22720 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 52130 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 21520 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 16570 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 6660 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 13010 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 18550 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 14210 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 35550 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 12500 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 13760 msec
cputime total 6640 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 100210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 13690 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 18130 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 15740 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 56780 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 16200 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20070 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 9710 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 21860 msec
cputime total 21980 msec
cputime total 11220 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 27580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 22100 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 20470 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 13790 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 76490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 26040 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 9990 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 64300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 28050 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 7150 msec
cputime total 20690 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10020 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4900 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 8340 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 30510 msec
cputime total 30910 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 14040 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 14600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 113780 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 26720 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 84820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 11620 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 17150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 11390 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 81830 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
T#36|37|1|1740|alpino_lc|588
T#41|19|1|760|alpino_lc|608
T#52|13|1|340|alpino_lc|110
T#54|48|1|37480|alpino_lc|13087
T#64|9|1|700|alpino_lc|498
T#68|30|1|29890|alpino_lc|22434
T#75|18|1|1540|alpino_lc|901
T#82|8|1|100|alpino_lc|88
T#87|14|1|990|alpino_lc|661
T#92|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|805
T#118|23|1|2590|alpino_lc|1468
T#120|10|1|190|alpino_lc|147
T#124|18|1|2140|alpino_lc|2995
T#127|21|1|1720|alpino_lc|1357
T#136|8|1|230|alpino_lc|107
T#149|13|1|560|alpino_lc|589
T#152|23|1|490|alpino_lc|172
T#153|18|1|1940|alpino_lc|1092
T#157|23|1|9950|alpino_lc|5347
T#158|34|1|9100|alpino_lc|3866
T#177|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|1051
T#190|13|1|460|alpino_lc|319
T#194|46|1|24670|alpino_lc|7938
T#230|31|1|2610|alpino_lc|1029
T#236|20|1|720|alpino_lc|345
T#244|36|1|12460|alpino_lc|6965
T#248|37|1|18830|alpino_lc|5715
T#257|24|1|7180|alpino_lc|1423
T#271|36|1|8750|alpino_lc|1478
T#277|41|1|14030|alpino_lc|6269
T#293|30|1|2930|alpino_lc|318
T#303|31|1|1570|alpino_lc|977
T#304|7|1|190|alpino_lc|174
T#323|11|1|120|alpino_lc|95
T#327|16|1|930|alpino_lc|1047
T#335|11|1|440|alpino_lc|450
T#338|25|1|2490|alpino_lc|1579
T#344|20|1|790|alpino_lc|636
T#345|20|1|1360|alpino_lc|1178
T#350|26|1|9150|alpino_lc|7546
T#361|12|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#376|10|1|290|alpino_lc|115
T#389|7|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#391|14|1|2260|alpino_lc|1743
T#398|15|1|680|alpino_lc|295
T#400|44|1|62150|alpino_lc|72669
T#411|46|1|73470|alpino_lc|27013
T#424|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|287
T#426|23|1|980|alpino_lc|676
T#442|7|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#448|10|1|150|alpino_lc|120
T#461|11|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#469|13|1|230|alpino_lc|253
T#478|21|1|3980|alpino_lc|2437
T#487|13|1|230|alpino_lc|173
T#491|12|1|520|alpino_lc|294
T#495|24|1|16010|alpino_lc|6059
T#498|18|1|250|alpino_lc|43
T#502|12|1|340|alpino_lc|195
T#506|26|1|2160|alpino_lc|1354
T#507|12|1|490|alpino_lc|599
T#510|10|1|370|alpino_lc|366
T#516|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#517|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#521|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#523|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#530|20|1|1530|alpino_lc|1811
T#546|19|1|230|alpino_lc|123
T#552|5|1|60|alpino_lc|33
T#555|7|1|160|alpino_lc|91
T#556|10|1|470|alpino_lc|203
T#566|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#580|11|1|380|alpino_lc|319
T#601|27|1|1330|alpino_lc|292
T#605|4|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#606|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#611|13|1|480|alpino_lc|404
T#613|19|1|2510|alpino_lc|878
T#628|14|1|670|alpino_lc|224
T#633|9|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#665|25|1|1700|alpino_lc|2255
T#669|14|1|290|alpino_lc|142
T#674|17|1|450|alpino_lc|335
T#677|11|1|290|alpino_lc|105
T#688|9|1|170|alpino_lc|123
T#690|13|1|360|alpino_lc|64
T#708|35|1|8990|alpino_lc|3702
T#730|11|1|330|alpino_lc|219
T#739|15|1|460|alpino_lc|143
T#742|7|1|160|alpino_lc|17
T#743|16|1|720|alpino_lc|497
T#751|18|1|15950|alpino_lc|16870
T#754|16|1|2040|alpino_lc|1969
T#762|45|1|14380|alpino_lc|6189
T#768|26|1|3630|alpino_lc|2218
T#812|29|1|1620|alpino_lc|823
T#838|7|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#839|15|1|2650|alpino_lc|1024
T#844|14|1|400|alpino_lc|103
T#847|15|1|590|alpino_lc|495
T#848|32|1|16990|alpino_lc|3816
T#857|16|1|15670|alpino_lc|11628
T#866|21|1|380|alpino_lc|108
T#873|8|1|240|alpino_lc|48
T#884|31|1|3240|alpino_lc|2878
T#896|33|1|5980|alpino_lc|3905
T#899|24|1|400|alpino_lc|118
T#910|30|1|37990|alpino_lc|5893
T#927|14|1|220|alpino_lc|89
T#930|18|1|520|alpino_lc|414
T#951|20|1|4030|alpino_lc|2189
T#980|6|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#987|20|1|580|alpino_lc|450
T#989|37|1|4050|alpino_lc|2322
T#1001|25|1|500|alpino_lc|155
T#1003|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|698
T#1037|23|1|1660|alpino_lc|1670
T#1048|26|1|5140|alpino_lc|380
T#1056|16|1|5860|alpino_lc|3893
T#1067|45|1|5780|alpino_lc|2732
T#1068|27|1|870|alpino_lc|669
T#1079|16|1|530|alpino_lc|366
T#1082|17|1|3530|alpino_lc|2568
T#1087|33|1|7780|alpino_lc|8523
T#1089|14|1|3140|alpino_lc|1712
T#1105|12|1|200|alpino_lc|153
T#1113|34|1|8700|alpino_lc|6011
T#1130|4|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#1139|34|1|1590|alpino_lc|1057
T#1155|19|1|1700|alpino_lc|1294
T#1156|43|1|35900|alpino_lc|4025
T#1160|20|1|3930|alpino_lc|4658
T#1186|21|1|420|alpino_lc|268
T#1190|13|1|600|alpino_lc|427
T#1205|13|1|190|alpino_lc|53
T#1208|45|1|38130|alpino_lc|27484
T#1215|13|1|280|alpino_lc|106
T#1218|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|624
T#1224|16|1|610|alpino_lc|399
T#1228|22|1|760|alpino_lc|194
T#1232|10|1|220|alpino_lc|164
T#1237|36|1|7590|alpino_lc|11255
T#1246|9|1|150|alpino_lc|72
T#1256|11|1|560|alpino_lc|541
T#1263|35|1|1510|alpino_lc|1220
T#1266|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#1271|16|1|1620|alpino_lc|924
T#1279|19|1|930|alpino_lc|776
T#1285|23|1|4440|alpino_lc|1058
T#1304|25|1|1070|alpino_lc|1098
T#1319|9|1|70|alpino_lc|67
T#1327|25|1|1030|alpino_lc|540
T#1329|23|1|7910|alpino_lc|8738
T#1338|42|1|9090|alpino_lc|2843
T#1360|5|1|30|alpino_lc|19
T#1361|27|1|8620|alpino_lc|4033
T#1362|19|1|1460|alpino_lc|970
T#1374|10|1|550|alpino_lc|194
T#1407|37|1|7900|alpino_lc|2813
T#1436|20|1|1360|alpino_lc|756
T#1438|7|1|120|alpino_lc|84
T#1447|14|1|710|alpino_lc|277
T#1449|10|1|320|alpino_lc|361
T#1453|15|1|790|alpino_lc|772
T#1455|28|1|4110|alpino_lc|3167
T#1457|10|1|140|alpino_lc|86
T#1467|34|1|14170|alpino_lc|1464
T#1474|29|1|37390|alpino_lc|12736
T#1493|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#1509|21|1|1170|alpino_lc|981
T#1521|29|1|1200|alpino_lc|719
T#1522|37|1|29780|alpino_lc|18979
T#1541|16|1|780|alpino_lc|506
T#1542|9|1|240|alpino_lc|142
T#1558|17|1|610|alpino_lc|263
T#1573|16|1|1580|alpino_lc|2446
T#1589|6|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#1601|11|1|1420|alpino_lc|1443
T#1604|18|1|510|alpino_lc|135
T#1609|10|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#1634|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|824
T#1653|28|1|1730|alpino_lc|1623
T#1654|22|1|2720|alpino_lc|1965
T#1656|11|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#1664|13|1|160|alpino_lc|141
T#1668|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#1672|12|1|600|alpino_lc|326
T#1679|24|1|520|alpino_lc|208
T#1683|38|1|8990|alpino_lc|7872
T#1691|24|1|660|alpino_lc|526
T#1706|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#1708|9|1|190|alpino_lc|142
T#1743|48|1|35690|alpino_lc|15234
T#1772|48|1|5200|alpino_lc|6291
T#1781|11|1|560|alpino_lc|161
T#1786|12|1|250|alpino_lc|179
T#1813|40|1|7600|alpino_lc|8818
T#1814|10|1|340|alpino_lc|283
T#1817|35|1|13370|alpino_lc|15525
T#1827|53|1|30130|alpino_lc|5129
T#1840|38|1|8620|alpino_lc|3913
T#1848|17|1|400|alpino_lc|321
T#1851|32|1|3720|alpino_lc|2877
T#1856|9|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#1865|16|1|930|alpino_lc|1005
T#1867|23|1|1610|alpino_lc|1645
T#1877|17|1|10570|alpino_lc|6983
T#1897|34|1|6760|alpino_lc|6586
T#1921|29|1|1980|alpino_lc|549
T#1928|9|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#1935|23|1|930|alpino_lc|757
T#1940|15|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#1942|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#1944|21|1|1000|alpino_lc|251
T#1945|20|1|8700|alpino_lc|4312
T#1980|16|1|690|alpino_lc|501
T#1987|17|1|270|alpino_lc|149
T#1991|7|1|490|alpino_lc|473
T#2042|10|1|540|alpino_lc|646
T#2049|23|1|510|alpino_lc|225
T#2050|34|1|7190|alpino_lc|1773
T#2060|29|1|1940|alpino_lc|1542
T#2075|17|1|470|alpino_lc|159
T#2087|40|1|15360|alpino_lc|6521
T#2106|21|1|830|alpino_lc|1273
T#2114|13|1|830|alpino_lc|749
T#2120|27|1|1420|alpino_lc|863
T#2128|10|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#2132|6|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#2133|22|1|390|alpino_lc|176
T#2134|12|1|280|alpino_lc|88
T#2136|12|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#2140|16|1|1810|alpino_lc|1629
T#2141|26|1|1000|alpino_lc|873
T#2144|6|1|150|alpino_lc|139
T#2155|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#2160|46|1|4120|alpino_lc|1297
T#2165|15|1|280|alpino_lc|190
T#2172|16|1|740|alpino_lc|305
T#2179|17|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#2186|11|1|750|alpino_lc|800
T#2197|30|1|8850|alpino_lc|4099
T#2199|28|1|1900|alpino_lc|1881
T#2203|20|1|710|alpino_lc|148
T#2233|7|1|410|alpino_lc|260
T#2240|24|1|7350|alpino_lc|5016
T#2245|25|1|3560|alpino_lc|2577
T#2253|35|1|1690|alpino_lc|897
T#2266|39|1|22720|alpino_lc|13743
T#2269|15|1|590|alpino_lc|505
T#2274|10|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#2282|15|1|1880|alpino_lc|1039
T#2296|11|1|160|alpino_lc|25
T#2306|38|1|52130|alpino_lc|47391
T#2313|15|1|920|alpino_lc|909
T#2316|22|1|680|alpino_lc|482
T#2349|8|1|240|alpino_lc|160
T#2356|14|1|920|alpino_lc|931
T#2360|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|765
T#2376|17|1|880|alpino_lc|732
T#2389|46|1|21520|alpino_lc|2020
T#2393|27|1|2020|alpino_lc|966
T#2402|36|1|16570|alpino_lc|6552
T#2418|19|1|510|alpino_lc|330
T#2424|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|498
T#2425|29|1|1570|alpino_lc|702
T#2438|25|1|2220|alpino_lc|2088
T#2448|21|1|800|alpino_lc|1447
T#2458|37|1|6660|alpino_lc|1197
T#2498|19|1|2440|alpino_lc|2177
T#2504|10|1|350|alpino_lc|135
T#2524|11|1|170|alpino_lc|52
T#2542|7|1|190|alpino_lc|256
T#2550|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#2558|22|1|2940|alpino_lc|949
T#2563|28|1|3580|alpino_lc|2989
T#2567|17|1|1460|alpino_lc|673
T#2606|17|1|1360|alpino_lc|1827
T#2608|44|1|8100|alpino_lc|2796
T#2666|36|1|13010|alpino_lc|2166
T#2680|6|1|190|alpino_lc|238
T#2688|14|1|440|alpino_lc|469
T#2707|31|1|1950|alpino_lc|1341
T#2710|40|1|3590|alpino_lc|1551
T#2714|13|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#2723|32|1|1310|alpino_lc|442
T#2728|22|1|480|alpino_lc|279
T#2729|31|1|18550|alpino_lc|8363
T#2731|18|1|350|alpino_lc|53
T#2737|18|1|1420|alpino_lc|499
T#2755|17|1|540|alpino_lc|167
T#2757|25|1|460|alpino_lc|123
T#2765|13|1|470|alpino_lc|639
T#2772|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#2786|16|1|480|alpino_lc|210
T#2787|26|1|1880|alpino_lc|1018
T#2795|16|1|340|alpino_lc|323
T#2798|19|1|330|alpino_lc|131
T#2830|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|575
T#2839|21|1|560|alpino_lc|191
T#2843|21|1|2120|alpino_lc|1093
T#2866|14|1|400|alpino_lc|301
T#2869|14|1|520|alpino_lc|204
T#2872|37|1|14210|alpino_lc|8740
T#2897|26|1|2860|alpino_lc|1800
T#2957|39|1|35550|alpino_lc|7791
T#2975|17|1|430|alpino_lc|194
T#2979|12|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#3001|15|1|960|alpino_lc|1063
T#3013|15|1|980|alpino_lc|636
T#3017|22|1|880|alpino_lc|828
T#3040|4|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#3053|12|1|250|alpino_lc|136
T#3055|12|1|230|alpino_lc|56
T#3058|18|1|600|alpino_lc|268
T#3060|14|1|2740|alpino_lc|2074
T#3102|42|1|12500|alpino_lc|2641
T#3114|26|1|1590|alpino_lc|1374
T#3115|14|1|610|alpino_lc|494
T#3119|23|1|3110|alpino_lc|1371
T#3128|27|1|1000|alpino_lc|1304
T#3140|18|1|700|alpino_lc|1100
T#3143|31|1|1460|alpino_lc|600
T#3146|20|1|920|alpino_lc|676
T#3156|11|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#3158|9|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#3168|20|1|860|alpino_lc|742
T#3192|24|1|1330|alpino_lc|1874
T#3198|20|1|370|alpino_lc|214
T#3230|22|1|2510|alpino_lc|965
T#3240|17|1|1700|alpino_lc|1204
T#3241|20|1|290|alpino_lc|150
T#3242|35|1|4610|alpino_lc|1063
T#3243|17|1|610|alpino_lc|459
T#3250|21|1|2540|alpino_lc|2265
T#3273|17|1|440|alpino_lc|213
T#3278|25|1|13760|alpino_lc|3430
T#3280|47|1|6640|alpino_lc|6087
T#3287|17|1|470|alpino_lc|162
T#3304|14|1|990|alpino_lc|969
T#3307|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|550
T#3309|7|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#3316|6|1|160|alpino_lc|29
T#3321|13|1|290|alpino_lc|41
T#3331|18|1|370|alpino_lc|76
T#3334|27|1|4720|alpino_lc|2208
T#3341|31|1|1730|alpino_lc|625
T#3354|9|1|170|alpino_lc|235
T#3357|8|1|450|alpino_lc|800
T#3359|6|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#3364|13|1|320|alpino_lc|170
T#3384|13|1|530|alpino_lc|295
T#3398|57|1|100210|alpino_lc|28518
T#3406|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#3417|7|1|400|alpino_lc|127
T#3428|18|1|500|alpino_lc|191
T#3432|12|1|440|alpino_lc|150
T#3442|24|1|1390|alpino_lc|833
T#3450|16|1|500|alpino_lc|244
T#3459|26|1|8820|alpino_lc|4431
T#3464|7|1|300|alpino_lc|159
T#3478|19|1|3690|alpino_lc|1452
T#3488|29|1|13690|alpino_lc|10572
T#3489|22|1|690|alpino_lc|434
T#3505|10|1|270|alpino_lc|241
T#3514|12|1|1540|alpino_lc|172
T#3521|9|1|400|alpino_lc|155
T#3522|21|1|470|alpino_lc|526
T#3523|10|1|1420|alpino_lc|590
T#3539|5|1|60|alpino_lc|55
T#3540|14|1|180|alpino_lc|238
T#3548|14|1|340|alpino_lc|76
T#3550|9|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#3551|11|1|1420|alpino_lc|1235
T#3555|8|1|310|alpino_lc|397
T#3569|37|1|2470|alpino_lc|258
T#3571|37|1|4470|alpino_lc|1987
T#3596|12|1|180|alpino_lc|126
T#3609|18|1|340|alpino_lc|173
T#3613|14|1|570|alpino_lc|252
T#3630|33|1|18130|alpino_lc|6639
T#3633|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|988
T#3634|22|1|360|alpino_lc|172
T#3635|11|1|320|alpino_lc|215
T#3652|30|1|2810|alpino_lc|852
T#3654|34|1|2320|alpino_lc|1419
T#3674|28|1|15740|alpino_lc|5420
T#3679|21|1|750|alpino_lc|544
T#3688|14|1|1290|alpino_lc|612
T#3691|14|1|3930|alpino_lc|550
T#3708|21|1|430|alpino_lc|198
T#3724|18|1|390|alpino_lc|174
T#3730|28|1|730|alpino_lc|365
T#3748|20|1|530|alpino_lc|245
T#3758|17|1|170|alpino_lc|119
T#3761|23|1|1230|alpino_lc|606
T#3770|18|1|370|alpino_lc|214
T#3791|11|1|210|alpino_lc|43
T#3806|19|1|3510|alpino_lc|766
T#3808|5|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#3813|21|1|4090|alpino_lc|4892
T#3825|6|1|190|alpino_lc|180
T#3826|11|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#3827|14|1|490|alpino_lc|266
T#3845|14|1|700|alpino_lc|577
T#3856|36|1|2360|alpino_lc|2914
T#3880|11|1|190|alpino_lc|75
T#3894|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|1402
T#3897|13|1|590|alpino_lc|247
T#3904|25|1|1110|alpino_lc|341
T#3920|9|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#3924|32|1|1310|alpino_lc|941
T#3949|24|1|530|alpino_lc|538
T#3967|9|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#3973|18|1|250|alpino_lc|119
T#3980|10|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#3982|18|1|1720|alpino_lc|1314
T#3988|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#4003|11|1|430|alpino_lc|119
T#4005|6|1|160|alpino_lc|27
T#4012|9|1|240|alpino_lc|11
T#4017|22|1|1440|alpino_lc|626
T#4019|17|1|280|alpino_lc|83
T#4036|14|1|610|alpino_lc|212
T#4049|18|1|500|alpino_lc|392
T#4054|25|1|8070|alpino_lc|1967
T#4055|8|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#4056|9|1|200|alpino_lc|127
T#4071|23|1|680|alpino_lc|448
T#4085|12|1|380|alpino_lc|290
T#4091|27|1|1560|alpino_lc|1905
T#4096|12|1|400|alpino_lc|142
T#4113|38|1|15060|alpino_lc|2975
T#4114|32|1|5500|alpino_lc|643
T#4120|15|1|610|alpino_lc|411
T#4135|11|1|240|alpino_lc|148
T#4137|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#4154|5|1|80|alpino_lc|51
T#4159|45|1|56780|alpino_lc|24323
T#4181|17|1|260|alpino_lc|181
T#4183|11|1|160|alpino_lc|100
T#4187|25|1|2370|alpino_lc|1902
T#4213|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#4228|26|1|2140|alpino_lc|1142
T#4244|26|1|1550|alpino_lc|1857
T#4259|21|1|850|alpino_lc|397
T#4277|8|1|860|alpino_lc|1014
T#4281|21|1|1200|alpino_lc|392
T#4319|24|1|1610|alpino_lc|645
T#4327|18|1|220|alpino_lc|42
T#4334|14|1|140|alpino_lc|87
T#4371|25|1|16200|alpino_lc|6014
T#4385|10|1|630|alpino_lc|316
T#4401|16|1|580|alpino_lc|199
T#4430|23|1|670|alpino_lc|1000
T#4437|13|1|560|alpino_lc|346
T#4466|18|1|350|alpino_lc|106
T#4469|32|1|1910|alpino_lc|859
T#4494|11|1|280|alpino_lc|235
T#4500|5|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#4507|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#4514|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#4526|12|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#4537|11|1|820|alpino_lc|697
T#4541|18|1|200|alpino_lc|107
T#4542|16|1|430|alpino_lc|154
T#4549|12|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#4559|20|1|920|alpino_lc|897
T#4568|7|1|360|alpino_lc|138
T#4609|7|1|170|alpino_lc|119
T#4627|10|1|180|alpino_lc|58
T#4629|39|1|20070|alpino_lc|5423
T#4635|46|1|12070|alpino_lc|2376
T#4649|8|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#4658|24|1|520|alpino_lc|475
T#4691|13|1|360|alpino_lc|296
T#4695|28|1|1120|alpino_lc|381
T#4696|39|1|5900|alpino_lc|1334
T#4697|22|1|2550|alpino_lc|1217
T#4716|28|1|6240|alpino_lc|4899
T#4717|34|1|9710|alpino_lc|17951
T#4797|24|1|7040|alpino_lc|5296
T#4803|17|1|250|alpino_lc|219
T#4810|25|1|900|alpino_lc|466
T#4815|18|1|2830|alpino_lc|2764
T#4827|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#4830|10|1|90|alpino_lc|6
T#4832|11|1|250|alpino_lc|240
T#4837|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#4841|38|1|21860|alpino_lc|8893
T#4844|55|1|21980|alpino_lc|14140
T#4845|21|1|11220|alpino_lc|4932
T#4871|38|1|2490|alpino_lc|1614
T#4873|15|1|150|alpino_lc|119
T#4879|27|1|4710|alpino_lc|1984
T#4887|19|1|750|alpino_lc|559
T#4912|13|1|420|alpino_lc|208
T#4917|11|1|1340|alpino_lc|934
T#4937|41|1|2830|alpino_lc|1009
T#4961|16|1|530|alpino_lc|181
T#4970|27|1|8870|alpino_lc|1863
T#4983|18|1|320|alpino_lc|103
T#4993|7|1|220|alpino_lc|33
T#4994|15|1|840|alpino_lc|709
T#4996|38|1|2840|alpino_lc|1475
T#5004|24|1|2090|alpino_lc|1453
T#5013|24|1|3160|alpino_lc|1552
T#5015|14|1|220|alpino_lc|101
T#5016|16|1|300|alpino_lc|115
T#5027|25|1|960|alpino_lc|861
T#5029|40|1|27580|alpino_lc|16509
T#5040|15|1|360|alpino_lc|125
T#5041|14|1|330|alpino_lc|117
T#5064|14|1|900|alpino_lc|908
T#5077|31|1|22100|alpino_lc|24221
T#5079|18|1|3560|alpino_lc|3937
T#5087|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|812
T#5092|21|1|6690|alpino_lc|2343
T#5099|19|1|1480|alpino_lc|1167
T#5107|17|1|630|alpino_lc|139
T#5120|14|1|290|alpino_lc|208
T#5158|16|1|890|alpino_lc|635
T#5165|22|1|500|alpino_lc|384
T#5193|16|1|450|alpino_lc|137
T#5200|22|1|1020|alpino_lc|759
T#5209|32|1|20470|alpino_lc|4119
T#5220|21|1|1380|alpino_lc|1259
T#5271|18|1|410|alpino_lc|226
T#5278|15|1|700|alpino_lc|306
T#5287|13|1|310|alpino_lc|271
T#5314|14|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#5320|26|1|560|alpino_lc|284
T#5323|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#5330|22|1|13790|alpino_lc|13361
T#5347|13|1|830|alpino_lc|523
T#5353|17|1|670|alpino_lc|517
T#5356|8|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#5370|28|1|1910|alpino_lc|2574
T#5382|11|1|130|alpino_lc|199
T#5385|28|1|2070|alpino_lc|1138
T#5389|22|1|1200|alpino_lc|511
T#5396|15|1|350|alpino_lc|212
T#5397|53|1|76490|alpino_lc|16111
T#5403|14|1|260|alpino_lc|132
T#5413|28|1|2430|alpino_lc|1310
T#5418|29|1|860|alpino_lc|569
T#5425|21|1|840|alpino_lc|660
T#5426|3|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#5434|34|1|26040|alpino_lc|31042
T#5451|9|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#5452|34|1|4130|alpino_lc|1211
T#5465|14|1|190|alpino_lc|113
T#5481|33|1|5030|alpino_lc|3595
T#5485|34|1|5660|alpino_lc|1118
T#5510|8|1|260|alpino_lc|149
T#5516|9|1|840|alpino_lc|271
T#5552|15|1|1150|alpino_lc|838
T#5564|17|1|190|alpino_lc|102
T#5567|19|1|6190|alpino_lc|3313
T#5571|5|1|70|alpino_lc|37
T#5584|12|1|650|alpino_lc|571
T#5603|19|1|9990|alpino_lc|7208
T#5604|36|1|4310|alpino_lc|722
T#5606|22|1|1300|alpino_lc|765
T#5610|9|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#5616|33|1|1740|alpino_lc|939
T#5617|36|1|64300|alpino_lc|50095
T#5621|10|1|320|alpino_lc|174
T#5625|10|1|150|alpino_lc|130
T#5634|40|1|28050|alpino_lc|4935
T#5654|15|1|370|alpino_lc|140
T#5674|6|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#5681|17|1|410|alpino_lc|248
T#5694|18|1|350|alpino_lc|166
T#5709|18|1|560|alpino_lc|266
T#5712|18|1|830|alpino_lc|901
T#5713|7|1|350|alpino_lc|232
T#5715|29|1|7150|alpino_lc|1242
T#5725|40|1|20690|alpino_lc|2563
T#5736|7|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#5754|39|1|9110|alpino_lc|4511
T#5763|12|1|160|alpino_lc|78
T#5768|20|1|440|alpino_lc|317
T#5777|11|1|300|alpino_lc|269
T#5778|31|1|10020|alpino_lc|657
T#5789|9|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#5808|14|1|400|alpino_lc|554
T#5829|16|1|1660|alpino_lc|706
T#5848|10|1|420|alpino_lc|149
T#5859|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#5861|26|1|720|alpino_lc|464
T#5893|29|1|9220|alpino_lc|1444
T#5899|26|1|7970|alpino_lc|2913
T#5905|8|1|560|alpino_lc|169
T#5910|28|1|4900|alpino_lc|2305
T#5917|12|1|350|alpino_lc|232
T#5952|20|1|610|alpino_lc|581
T#5954|13|1|200|alpino_lc|159
T#5962|17|1|330|alpino_lc|75
T#5966|17|1|640|alpino_lc|836
T#5972|7|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#5976|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#5997|18|1|2190|alpino_lc|3468
T#5999|23|1|4290|alpino_lc|2354
T#6005|17|1|400|alpino_lc|192
T#6010|26|1|6900|alpino_lc|2561
T#6032|29|1|8340|alpino_lc|5082
T#6033|10|1|230|alpino_lc|176
T#6050|7|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#6065|24|1|8860|alpino_lc|3729
T#6077|18|1|260|alpino_lc|65
T#6092|42|1|30510|alpino_lc|34386
T#6099|27|1|30910|alpino_lc|17069
T#6102|6|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#6111|13|1|220|alpino_lc|167
T#6153|8|1|60|alpino_lc|37
T#6159|8|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#6160|15|1|190|alpino_lc|107
T#6161|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#6172|19|1|280|alpino_lc|135
T#6193|36|1|14040|alpino_lc|1446
T#6198|35|1|6420|alpino_lc|2586
T#6229|20|1|1540|alpino_lc|991
T#6246|14|1|2430|alpino_lc|1450
T#6275|36|1|1580|alpino_lc|641
T#6283|9|1|540|alpino_lc|225
T#6293|22|1|730|alpino_lc|474
T#6301|30|1|3100|alpino_lc|1359
T#6316|12|1|240|alpino_lc|236
T#6328|22|1|1620|alpino_lc|3126
T#6331|18|1|420|alpino_lc|453
T#6342|31|1|14600|alpino_lc|9477
T#6347|12|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#6355|36|1|3690|alpino_lc|3629
T#6385|15|1|640|alpino_lc|790
T#6387|7|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#6398|14|1|280|alpino_lc|82
T#6413|11|1|370|alpino_lc|169
T#6419|19|1|380|alpino_lc|215
T#6422|10|1|390|alpino_lc|178
T#6442|14|1|870|alpino_lc|672
T#6459|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#6466|25|1|420|alpino_lc|216
T#6486|6|1|40|alpino_lc|20
T#6493|19|1|2050|alpino_lc|1438
T#6505|20|1|1850|alpino_lc|1059
T#6506|18|1|710|alpino_lc|663
T#6509|30|1|8040|alpino_lc|1118
T#6517|18|1|1640|alpino_lc|2018
T#6519|11|1|410|alpino_lc|323
T#6525|18|1|370|alpino_lc|111
T#6532|43|1|113780|alpino_lc|4265
T#6562|21|1|2130|alpino_lc|1468
T#6578|24|1|3140|alpino_lc|3810
T#6581|34|1|2250|alpino_lc|1500
T#6585|19|1|620|alpino_lc|127
T#6601|20|1|4290|alpino_lc|644
T#6609|39|1|2860|alpino_lc|1190
T#6610|9|1|210|alpino_lc|183
T#6618|11|1|1020|alpino_lc|522
T#6622|15|1|320|alpino_lc|100
T#6654|14|1|150|alpino_lc|85
T#6668|17|1|990|alpino_lc|213
T#6672|28|1|2550|alpino_lc|2452
T#6680|49|1|26720|alpino_lc|9303
T#6684|12|1|520|alpino_lc|591
T#6685|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|573
T#6702|28|1|6720|alpino_lc|2000
T#6713|16|1|210|alpino_lc|107
T#6717|23|1|470|alpino_lc|213
T#6721|25|1|3090|alpino_lc|1587
T#6760|61|1|84820|alpino_lc|12055
T#6772|14|1|180|alpino_lc|190
T#6787|42|1|7650|alpino_lc|2417
T#6807|16|1|860|alpino_lc|612
T#6824|12|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#6861|20|1|2660|alpino_lc|3681
T#6886|19|1|370|alpino_lc|507
T#6900|47|1|11620|alpino_lc|14261
T#6908|17|1|450|alpino_lc|490
T#6917|17|1|480|alpino_lc|169
T#6922|13|1|280|alpino_lc|81
T#6928|11|1|670|alpino_lc|542
T#6939|14|1|240|alpino_lc|130
T#6941|7|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#6943|18|1|380|alpino_lc|82
T#6949|12|1|870|alpino_lc|399
T#6952|10|1|150|alpino_lc|12
T#6954|32|1|17150|alpino_lc|9768
T#6955|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#6965|8|1|260|alpino_lc|95
T#7003|19|1|550|alpino_lc|298
T#7006|38|1|11390|alpino_lc|4872
T#7009|14|1|2390|alpino_lc|1023
T#7030|39|1|2970|alpino_lc|2229
T#7042|12|1|1570|alpino_lc|2320
T#7046|15|1|320|alpino_lc|215
T#7049|24|1|1790|alpino_lc|2120
T#7054|30|1|7580|alpino_lc|4078
T#7060|23|1|5010|alpino_lc|6784
T#7069|10|1|700|alpino_lc|828
T#7072|10|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#7076|17|1|520|alpino_lc|327
T#7083|12|1|300|alpino_lc|217
T#7113|28|1|2650|alpino_lc|1486
T#7137|44|1|81830|alpino_lc|69853
T#7149|28|1|7570|alpino_lc|4718
T#7150|29|1|1740|alpino_lc|972
