cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 9800 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 38290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 6730 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 10140 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 10040 msec
cputime total 18200 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 10200 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 17780 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 15760 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 157180 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 14090 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 106440 msec
cputime total 71000 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 13710 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 24710 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 18850 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 17510 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 70860 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 7610 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 16720 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 17400 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 30820 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 22240 msec
cputime total 13890 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 7690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 20900 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 15400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 18760 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 39870 msec
cputime total 15030 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 77280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 14790 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 11200 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 16920 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 4540 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 38510 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 9190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 8970 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 24890 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 47510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 27880 msec
cputime total 56950 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 9170 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 60550 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 41920 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 8710 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 21400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 6080 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 26150 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 20700 msec
cputime total 64830 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 14470 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 8180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 77440 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 16050 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 11680 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 33570 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 13880 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 14210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 46930 msec
cputime total 11230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 22010 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 10080 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 17570 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 8270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 196670 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 15910 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 18320 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 12490 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 24780 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 8930 msec
cputime total 15970 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 40370 msec
cputime total 20160 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 7030 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 14800 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
T#2|24|1|610|alpino_lc|727
T#23|14|1|730|alpino_lc|511
T#65|25|1|1880|alpino_lc|1096
T#85|33|1|1450|alpino_lc|988
T#88|23|1|760|alpino_lc|255
T#91|24|1|1190|alpino_lc|1221
T#98|16|1|450|alpino_lc|237
T#105|7|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#109|23|1|1360|alpino_lc|868
T#137|5|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#140|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|680
T#166|12|1|370|alpino_lc|135
T#169|17|1|450|alpino_lc|247
T#185|19|1|310|alpino_lc|205
T#186|28|1|840|alpino_lc|309
T#200|4|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#203|31|1|4290|alpino_lc|2458
T#227|12|1|120|alpino_lc|43
T#229|40|1|4410|alpino_lc|1440
T#239|27|1|4510|alpino_lc|3255
T#264|23|1|1580|alpino_lc|725
T#265|14|1|460|alpino_lc|147
T#279|32|1|1790|alpino_lc|569
T#287|25|1|1270|alpino_lc|799
T#290|32|1|9800|alpino_lc|6917
T#294|15|1|410|alpino_lc|216
T#296|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|1231
T#309|43|1|38290|alpino_lc|4512
T#313|10|1|220|alpino_lc|158
T#346|6|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#358|8|1|210|alpino_lc|82
T#378|19|1|480|alpino_lc|445
T#392|8|1|270|alpino_lc|243
T#397|19|1|880|alpino_lc|998
T#399|20|1|1960|alpino_lc|3542
T#407|15|1|590|alpino_lc|637
T#420|12|1|960|alpino_lc|1141
T#425|12|1|220|alpino_lc|126
T#444|14|1|510|alpino_lc|337
T#456|14|1|330|alpino_lc|198
T#457|8|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#458|36|1|2230|alpino_lc|811
T#470|19|1|2260|alpino_lc|1041
T#474|12|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#482|15|1|600|alpino_lc|38
T#493|16|1|600|alpino_lc|362
T#504|13|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#512|21|1|2230|alpino_lc|1046
T#533|14|1|140|alpino_lc|94
T#535|8|1|210|alpino_lc|199
T#536|25|1|6380|alpino_lc|2991
T#561|7|1|180|alpino_lc|127
T#571|9|1|860|alpino_lc|955
T#577|28|1|640|alpino_lc|213
T#597|10|1|260|alpino_lc|211
T#632|9|1|510|alpino_lc|636
T#643|37|1|11470|alpino_lc|5438
T#648|15|1|640|alpino_lc|231
T#649|14|1|560|alpino_lc|401
T#660|18|1|1120|alpino_lc|554
T#666|6|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#667|26|1|7230|alpino_lc|937
T#672|10|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#699|9|1|60|alpino_lc|40
T#717|13|1|6750|alpino_lc|1578
T#744|29|1|1980|alpino_lc|3219
T#763|42|1|4160|alpino_lc|1949
T#765|25|1|860|alpino_lc|463
T#788|26|1|3100|alpino_lc|1839
T#804|19|1|6730|alpino_lc|5059
T#815|13|1|350|alpino_lc|446
T#827|15|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#837|11|1|280|alpino_lc|135
T#840|7|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#859|53|1|8900|alpino_lc|6735
T#865|24|1|1490|alpino_lc|491
T#876|42|1|10140|alpino_lc|5335
T#888|34|1|10190|alpino_lc|5935
T#889|14|1|360|alpino_lc|182
T#893|42|1|4620|alpino_lc|4111
T#897|44|1|1730|alpino_lc|1320
T#903|25|1|10040|alpino_lc|6201
T#915|46|1|18200|alpino_lc|22131
T#926|26|1|980|alpino_lc|930
T#937|13|1|1610|alpino_lc|1400
T#944|16|1|1350|alpino_lc|2111
T#953|17|1|350|alpino_lc|148
T#960|28|1|1870|alpino_lc|751
T#963|34|1|2110|alpino_lc|837
T#964|15|1|510|alpino_lc|137
T#973|24|1|2220|alpino_lc|2031
T#985|22|1|10200|alpino_lc|6950
T#994|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|939
T#999|10|1|340|alpino_lc|90
T#1000|18|1|790|alpino_lc|541
T#1010|6|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#1031|13|1|530|alpino_lc|371
T#1036|37|1|17780|alpino_lc|14025
T#1039|17|1|2470|alpino_lc|1033
T#1040|13|1|920|alpino_lc|347
T#1047|21|1|390|alpino_lc|156
T#1070|14|1|370|alpino_lc|131
T#1073|23|1|2460|alpino_lc|1100
T#1080|17|1|450|alpino_lc|309
T#1085|21|1|680|alpino_lc|348
T#1096|29|1|5270|alpino_lc|2194
T#1114|16|1|840|alpino_lc|493
T#1147|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#1153|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|874
T#1166|8|1|210|alpino_lc|141
T#1169|8|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#1184|17|1|940|alpino_lc|952
T#1188|27|1|620|alpino_lc|317
T#1192|28|1|2600|alpino_lc|1421
T#1195|14|1|430|alpino_lc|542
T#1223|30|1|2710|alpino_lc|2657
T#1238|25|1|490|alpino_lc|100
T#1243|26|1|1060|alpino_lc|467
T#1245|8|1|270|alpino_lc|259
T#1253|31|1|3600|alpino_lc|2589
T#1267|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|930
T#1284|4|1|130|alpino_lc|9
T#1306|16|1|700|alpino_lc|289
T#1308|9|1|250|alpino_lc|98
T#1309|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#1314|11|1|760|alpino_lc|36
T#1318|10|1|670|alpino_lc|215
T#1331|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#1363|17|1|800|alpino_lc|423
T#1366|15|1|780|alpino_lc|268
T#1379|22|1|2500|alpino_lc|1249
T#1384|12|1|610|alpino_lc|387
T#1389|27|1|3720|alpino_lc|4687
T#1394|12|1|300|alpino_lc|76
T#1416|14|1|310|alpino_lc|196
T#1418|24|1|330|alpino_lc|103
T#1437|13|1|470|alpino_lc|292
T#1441|29|1|15760|alpino_lc|1549
T#1446|9|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#1451|14|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#1472|23|1|1610|alpino_lc|1469
T#1496|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#1505|10|1|270|alpino_lc|64
T#1506|7|1|80|alpino_lc|39
T#1510|31|1|1900|alpino_lc|1356
T#1516|24|1|8620|alpino_lc|3839
T#1520|35|1|4550|alpino_lc|1441
T#1529|22|1|730|alpino_lc|336
T#1531|6|1|100|alpino_lc|94
T#1547|15|1|310|alpino_lc|212
T#1548|12|1|480|alpino_lc|358
T#1560|18|1|620|alpino_lc|279
T#1564|13|1|230|alpino_lc|41
T#1565|13|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#1578|28|1|8980|alpino_lc|4279
T#1600|25|1|1890|alpino_lc|613
T#1610|16|1|200|alpino_lc|165
T#1613|7|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#1614|11|1|250|alpino_lc|104
T#1615|17|1|240|alpino_lc|177
T#1620|18|1|610|alpino_lc|267
T#1621|23|1|1960|alpino_lc|417
T#1622|17|1|390|alpino_lc|95
T#1652|9|1|130|alpino_lc|41
T#1658|55|1|157180|alpino_lc|27343
T#1667|30|1|2450|alpino_lc|2896
T#1681|18|1|3000|alpino_lc|1697
T#1684|40|1|14090|alpino_lc|6257
T#1700|22|1|4170|alpino_lc|864
T#1702|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#1720|20|1|380|alpino_lc|194
T#1723|10|1|380|alpino_lc|151
T#1725|19|1|1880|alpino_lc|2196
T#1726|14|1|2410|alpino_lc|4093
T#1728|21|1|5290|alpino_lc|1965
T#1731|14|1|420|alpino_lc|317
T#1737|72|1|106440|alpino_lc|36013
T#1740|37|1|71000|alpino_lc|6073
T#1744|29|1|5040|alpino_lc|4340
T#1745|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|260
T#1750|15|1|270|alpino_lc|297
T#1792|10|1|210|alpino_lc|73
T#1799|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#1805|5|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#1818|15|1|310|alpino_lc|233
T#1830|19|1|480|alpino_lc|288
T#1838|31|1|820|alpino_lc|287
T#1850|11|1|480|alpino_lc|373
T#1860|29|1|1820|alpino_lc|935
T#1863|10|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#1864|18|1|890|alpino_lc|818
T#1866|8|1|210|alpino_lc|33
T#1884|18|1|580|alpino_lc|219
T#1889|10|1|380|alpino_lc|74
T#1891|17|1|1170|alpino_lc|2083
T#1893|10|1|210|alpino_lc|30
T#1895|32|1|3840|alpino_lc|1765
T#1927|28|1|710|alpino_lc|523
T#1933|14|1|230|alpino_lc|141
T#1941|14|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#1955|25|1|13710|alpino_lc|3972
T#1958|15|1|880|alpino_lc|955
T#1966|10|1|140|alpino_lc|14
T#1984|29|1|1960|alpino_lc|1722
T#1993|25|1|2780|alpino_lc|504
T#2000|22|1|3120|alpino_lc|688
T#2006|50|1|24710|alpino_lc|26081
T#2007|29|1|930|alpino_lc|272
T#2008|48|1|11470|alpino_lc|7811
T#2025|20|1|18850|alpino_lc|5445
T#2040|8|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#2041|9|1|400|alpino_lc|208
T#2044|20|1|510|alpino_lc|251
T#2048|10|1|500|alpino_lc|283
T#2057|25|1|1230|alpino_lc|428
T#2061|22|1|850|alpino_lc|205
T#2067|29|1|1250|alpino_lc|795
T#2073|12|1|460|alpino_lc|308
T#2078|7|1|110|alpino_lc|100
T#2089|25|1|17510|alpino_lc|21871
T#2096|26|1|3080|alpino_lc|858
T#2101|31|1|6090|alpino_lc|3028
T#2107|17|1|770|alpino_lc|245
T#2109|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#2111|15|1|450|alpino_lc|201
T#2119|12|1|310|alpino_lc|212
T#2135|31|1|5610|alpino_lc|2743
T#2147|13|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#2156|19|1|1920|alpino_lc|546
T#2163|6|1|210|alpino_lc|134
T#2167|24|1|370|alpino_lc|87
T#2189|11|1|710|alpino_lc|590
T#2200|17|1|730|alpino_lc|463
T#2205|15|1|540|alpino_lc|392
T#2216|31|1|3750|alpino_lc|2329
T#2234|50|1|4530|alpino_lc|5157
T#2239|29|1|6530|alpino_lc|6586
T#2281|19|1|900|alpino_lc|636
T#2283|21|1|1120|alpino_lc|544
T#2291|9|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#2301|20|1|4170|alpino_lc|3459
T#2328|17|1|600|alpino_lc|765
T#2343|38|1|2440|alpino_lc|1733
T#2344|12|1|240|alpino_lc|131
T#2347|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#2353|9|1|490|alpino_lc|352
T#2354|16|1|2160|alpino_lc|449
T#2367|22|1|520|alpino_lc|235
T#2371|20|1|640|alpino_lc|361
T#2377|10|1|230|alpino_lc|68
T#2397|29|1|6820|alpino_lc|2177
T#2398|16|1|910|alpino_lc|908
T#2403|58|1|70860|alpino_lc|11288
T#2407|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#2409|25|1|7610|alpino_lc|14316
T#2410|13|1|200|alpino_lc|169
T#2417|19|1|340|alpino_lc|127
T#2439|16|1|2350|alpino_lc|3001
T#2441|12|1|350|alpino_lc|436
T#2442|14|1|1130|alpino_lc|268
T#2450|41|1|16720|alpino_lc|2676
T#2456|11|1|330|alpino_lc|189
T#2457|17|1|10900|alpino_lc|7429
T#2481|36|1|17400|alpino_lc|8484
T#2482|10|1|390|alpino_lc|106
T#2485|26|1|30820|alpino_lc|4318
T#2490|9|1|750|alpino_lc|175
T#2491|16|1|620|alpino_lc|263
T#2503|27|1|1560|alpino_lc|450
T#2506|16|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#2520|22|1|1950|alpino_lc|559
T#2525|33|1|22240|alpino_lc|5282
T#2531|28|1|13890|alpino_lc|8794
T#2535|20|1|790|alpino_lc|594
T#2552|14|1|3390|alpino_lc|4687
T#2566|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#2579|11|1|220|alpino_lc|86
T#2583|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#2588|15|1|430|alpino_lc|171
T#2592|14|1|1500|alpino_lc|508
T#2594|7|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#2600|13|1|230|alpino_lc|43
T#2615|12|1|330|alpino_lc|416
T#2618|15|1|400|alpino_lc|293
T#2620|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|957
T#2621|26|1|7690|alpino_lc|5455
T#2642|5|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#2651|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#2654|7|1|390|alpino_lc|636
T#2657|20|1|1360|alpino_lc|478
T#2658|10|1|260|alpino_lc|264
T#2678|15|1|460|alpino_lc|186
T#2679|43|1|3060|alpino_lc|745
T#2690|25|1|20900|alpino_lc|3232
T#2699|14|1|1140|alpino_lc|1920
T#2704|50|1|7120|alpino_lc|2089
T#2708|25|1|2900|alpino_lc|1008
T#2709|24|1|8350|alpino_lc|1822
T#2726|16|1|1120|alpino_lc|1419
T#2750|28|1|1510|alpino_lc|2078
T#2759|13|1|630|alpino_lc|543
T#2785|11|1|220|alpino_lc|96
T#2812|15|1|370|alpino_lc|286
T#2814|23|1|1490|alpino_lc|1183
T#2819|14|1|210|alpino_lc|116
T#2822|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|1881
T#2824|20|1|750|alpino_lc|421
T#2864|7|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#2865|16|1|600|alpino_lc|430
T#2891|23|1|750|alpino_lc|274
T#2894|16|1|380|alpino_lc|156
T#2895|13|1|770|alpino_lc|1054
T#2902|6|1|80|alpino_lc|39
T#2910|37|1|15400|alpino_lc|6946
T#2932|28|1|540|alpino_lc|185
T#2933|9|1|190|alpino_lc|142
T#2938|30|1|2400|alpino_lc|1043
T#2947|27|1|1090|alpino_lc|609
T#2950|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#2954|9|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#2955|8|1|200|alpino_lc|15
T#2966|9|1|270|alpino_lc|290
T#2972|14|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#2999|47|1|7580|alpino_lc|2935
T#3027|36|1|8820|alpino_lc|1744
T#3032|28|1|3390|alpino_lc|1923
T#3036|12|1|390|alpino_lc|398
T#3043|9|1|190|alpino_lc|141
T#3068|21|1|18760|alpino_lc|2630
T#3075|18|1|520|alpino_lc|467
T#3083|19|1|3820|alpino_lc|3369
T#3088|10|1|180|alpino_lc|220
T#3092|32|1|6120|alpino_lc|3183
T#3111|18|1|640|alpino_lc|241
T#3145|24|1|1940|alpino_lc|1534
T#3172|18|1|810|alpino_lc|695
T#3173|29|1|1620|alpino_lc|2052
T#3179|13|1|190|alpino_lc|198
T#3182|29|1|4940|alpino_lc|1738
T#3184|14|1|350|alpino_lc|153
T#3193|22|1|440|alpino_lc|178
T#3200|41|1|1530|alpino_lc|539
T#3202|17|1|2140|alpino_lc|2037
T#3204|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#3210|30|1|3850|alpino_lc|2695
T#3225|36|1|4670|alpino_lc|4555
T#3226|14|1|290|alpino_lc|138
T#3235|33|1|4180|alpino_lc|2920
T#3239|20|1|1340|alpino_lc|1736
T#3258|18|1|630|alpino_lc|521
T#3271|19|1|940|alpino_lc|805
T#3275|43|1|39870|alpino_lc|4676
T#3277|42|1|15030|alpino_lc|3839
T#3281|10|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#3286|11|1|360|alpino_lc|423
T#3291|21|1|1840|alpino_lc|1499
T#3292|27|1|810|alpino_lc|358
T#3314|6|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#3324|10|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#3348|8|1|360|alpino_lc|309
T#3390|11|1|270|alpino_lc|389
T#3393|7|1|160|alpino_lc|141
T#3404|15|1|610|alpino_lc|175
T#3416|15|1|340|alpino_lc|230
T#3422|15|1|970|alpino_lc|940
T#3425|25|1|5400|alpino_lc|1117
T#3444|10|1|320|alpino_lc|328
T#3448|16|1|620|alpino_lc|174
T#3449|11|1|530|alpino_lc|260
T#3455|11|1|260|alpino_lc|160
T#3469|4|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#3479|20|1|710|alpino_lc|276
T#3507|15|1|670|alpino_lc|460
T#3509|10|1|320|alpino_lc|151
T#3510|12|1|290|alpino_lc|73
T#3531|20|1|410|alpino_lc|327
T#3535|6|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#3567|13|1|450|alpino_lc|746
T#3578|12|1|210|alpino_lc|108
T#3582|30|1|510|alpino_lc|321
T#3590|31|1|77280|alpino_lc|45992
T#3591|16|1|290|alpino_lc|41
T#3602|22|1|1530|alpino_lc|541
T#3641|13|1|360|alpino_lc|282
T#3662|19|1|770|alpino_lc|885
T#3665|11|1|700|alpino_lc|340
T#3667|33|1|6510|alpino_lc|2762
T#3671|23|1|620|alpino_lc|387
T#3680|17|1|560|alpino_lc|420
T#3715|13|1|1120|alpino_lc|1007
T#3717|15|1|1420|alpino_lc|1049
T#3743|16|1|250|alpino_lc|169
T#3753|15|1|370|alpino_lc|99
T#3756|8|1|290|alpino_lc|247
T#3772|30|1|14790|alpino_lc|3118
T#3773|33|1|1100|alpino_lc|211
T#3780|17|1|310|alpino_lc|187
T#3795|28|1|3170|alpino_lc|2516
T#3796|11|1|530|alpino_lc|263
T#3797|29|1|11200|alpino_lc|11276
T#3801|17|1|1570|alpino_lc|1427
T#3805|12|1|370|alpino_lc|316
T#3814|59|1|16920|alpino_lc|11030
T#3817|9|1|390|alpino_lc|325
T#3824|22|1|810|alpino_lc|452
T#3860|24|1|4540|alpino_lc|4068
T#3873|33|1|5260|alpino_lc|1920
T#3882|5|1|160|alpino_lc|78
T#3885|28|1|1190|alpino_lc|558
T#3901|16|1|400|alpino_lc|273
T#3905|28|1|3840|alpino_lc|2835
T#3909|12|1|440|alpino_lc|124
T#3913|23|1|560|alpino_lc|346
T#3916|29|1|770|alpino_lc|388
T#3931|36|1|38510|alpino_lc|10288
T#3991|13|1|1510|alpino_lc|2032
T#4006|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#4028|31|1|1040|alpino_lc|369
T#4033|15|1|590|alpino_lc|263
T#4048|32|1|9190|alpino_lc|5196
T#4065|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#4074|13|1|330|alpino_lc|169
T#4078|10|1|250|alpino_lc|154
T#4103|39|1|3120|alpino_lc|1018
T#4105|27|1|5110|alpino_lc|3463
T#4123|3|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#4124|14|1|400|alpino_lc|255
T#4138|28|1|1060|alpino_lc|376
T#4145|26|1|8970|alpino_lc|622
T#4149|7|1|230|alpino_lc|168
T#4153|5|1|150|alpino_lc|6
T#4155|28|1|24890|alpino_lc|15708
T#4157|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#4163|19|1|6320|alpino_lc|3963
T#4164|10|1|260|alpino_lc|93
T#4184|17|1|710|alpino_lc|586
T#4190|56|1|47510|alpino_lc|9693
T#4200|16|1|380|alpino_lc|186
T#4212|12|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#4217|20|1|1900|alpino_lc|1304
T#4218|14|1|320|alpino_lc|135
T#4224|22|1|7470|alpino_lc|5088
T#4226|23|1|2950|alpino_lc|2021
T#4236|29|1|810|alpino_lc|251
T#4246|19|1|370|alpino_lc|224
T#4253|34|1|890|alpino_lc|300
T#4266|20|1|2930|alpino_lc|3097
T#4269|8|1|100|alpino_lc|148
T#4280|14|1|710|alpino_lc|726
T#4282|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#4283|16|1|2060|alpino_lc|933
T#4298|18|1|520|alpino_lc|323
T#4306|20|1|1650|alpino_lc|700
T#4312|13|1|420|alpino_lc|463
T#4328|8|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#4332|7|1|70|alpino_lc|45
T#4333|12|1|340|alpino_lc|196
T#4342|15|1|170|alpino_lc|191
T#4343|30|1|920|alpino_lc|562
T#4353|32|1|6720|alpino_lc|3701
T#4355|12|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#4365|24|1|4330|alpino_lc|2388
T#4369|42|1|4140|alpino_lc|1566
T#4383|10|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#4395|47|1|27880|alpino_lc|28446
T#4399|50|1|56950|alpino_lc|64657
T#4422|10|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#4435|10|1|1200|alpino_lc|1040
T#4442|16|1|2340|alpino_lc|2594
T#4444|9|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#4449|17|1|230|alpino_lc|88
T#4455|22|1|710|alpino_lc|669
T#4463|6|1|100|alpino_lc|86
T#4473|23|1|4600|alpino_lc|3440
T#4489|35|1|3740|alpino_lc|1566
T#4512|44|1|9170|alpino_lc|1654
T#4520|14|1|930|alpino_lc|508
T#4521|7|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#4529|17|1|520|alpino_lc|521
T#4540|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|388
T#4545|15|1|1840|alpino_lc|2086
T#4562|27|1|3030|alpino_lc|2092
T#4564|14|1|230|alpino_lc|138
T#4575|23|1|590|alpino_lc|271
T#4590|17|1|550|alpino_lc|262
T#4593|10|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#4598|36|1|940|alpino_lc|382
T#4615|20|1|950|alpino_lc|432
T#4621|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#4641|10|1|180|alpino_lc|206
T#4647|8|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#4650|22|1|3190|alpino_lc|3168
T#4651|27|1|2030|alpino_lc|1178
T#4672|26|1|6190|alpino_lc|4668
T#4676|12|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#4700|4|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#4702|4|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#4726|41|1|2290|alpino_lc|1026
T#4727|18|1|460|alpino_lc|206
T#4731|13|1|200|alpino_lc|45
T#4732|33|1|3310|alpino_lc|2794
T#4746|31|1|60550|alpino_lc|22479
T#4749|18|1|450|alpino_lc|271
T#4760|42|1|41920|alpino_lc|36991
T#4768|16|1|530|alpino_lc|458
T#4783|13|1|340|alpino_lc|251
T#4808|22|1|1440|alpino_lc|791
T#4828|4|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#4831|4|1|50|alpino_lc|3
T#4859|23|1|1600|alpino_lc|1370
T#4867|25|1|750|alpino_lc|339
T#4920|31|1|3280|alpino_lc|1901
T#4923|27|1|8710|alpino_lc|7447
T#4927|29|1|6020|alpino_lc|2697
T#4929|13|1|570|alpino_lc|214
T#4931|26|1|5590|alpino_lc|1189
T#4932|22|1|620|alpino_lc|171
T#4936|16|1|530|alpino_lc|357
T#4946|26|1|4410|alpino_lc|6141
T#4953|49|1|21400|alpino_lc|23087
T#4955|7|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#4956|20|1|1090|alpino_lc|506
T#4967|29|1|6080|alpino_lc|5558
T#4972|14|1|820|alpino_lc|671
T#4974|11|1|280|alpino_lc|382
T#4977|33|1|760|alpino_lc|377
T#4986|5|1|140|alpino_lc|15
T#4988|15|1|260|alpino_lc|96
T#4990|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#4992|10|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#4995|11|1|600|alpino_lc|234
T#5007|20|1|770|alpino_lc|375
T#5030|16|1|3540|alpino_lc|2458
T#5048|16|1|1450|alpino_lc|814
T#5050|37|1|26150|alpino_lc|16800
T#5060|31|1|3810|alpino_lc|913
T#5072|15|1|300|alpino_lc|292
T#5101|17|1|420|alpino_lc|379
T#5105|15|1|260|alpino_lc|160
T#5110|15|1|380|alpino_lc|209
T#5112|15|1|920|alpino_lc|1061
T#5117|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|525
T#5126|26|1|20700|alpino_lc|25961
T#5127|34|1|64830|alpino_lc|31053
T#5139|30|1|1720|alpino_lc|1023
T#5143|33|1|14470|alpino_lc|11999
T#5157|17|1|1600|alpino_lc|1203
T#5159|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#5160|19|1|280|alpino_lc|144
T#5161|25|1|2410|alpino_lc|2370
T#5164|12|1|1920|alpino_lc|1807
T#5187|54|1|8180|alpino_lc|2587
T#5190|4|1|40|alpino_lc|38
T#5217|30|1|3970|alpino_lc|3039
T#5219|15|1|510|alpino_lc|168
T#5224|6|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#5226|16|1|550|alpino_lc|94
T#5227|17|1|420|alpino_lc|180
T#5228|9|1|470|alpino_lc|367
T#5251|45|1|77440|alpino_lc|9516
T#5252|14|1|280|alpino_lc|63
T#5255|34|1|16050|alpino_lc|8215
T#5262|21|1|790|alpino_lc|508
T#5267|20|1|570|alpino_lc|206
T#5269|33|1|11680|alpino_lc|8768
T#5279|12|1|490|alpino_lc|358
T#5280|26|1|2060|alpino_lc|1225
T#5290|17|1|900|alpino_lc|462
T#5294|11|1|400|alpino_lc|205
T#5303|28|1|1330|alpino_lc|572
T#5313|32|1|970|alpino_lc|748
T#5321|32|1|5320|alpino_lc|6207
T#5332|42|1|4280|alpino_lc|1325
T#5346|16|1|2050|alpino_lc|1309
T#5363|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#5369|10|1|250|alpino_lc|68
T#5375|22|1|3000|alpino_lc|676
T#5379|18|1|6710|alpino_lc|6007
T#5380|12|1|640|alpino_lc|420
T#5381|7|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#5386|23|1|1070|alpino_lc|600
T#5402|14|1|180|alpino_lc|31
T#5420|17|1|260|alpino_lc|251
T#5438|26|1|2260|alpino_lc|1358
T#5453|36|1|1330|alpino_lc|926
T#5455|24|1|680|alpino_lc|331
T#5473|19|1|680|alpino_lc|454
T#5484|13|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#5494|30|1|9470|alpino_lc|3563
T#5496|17|1|610|alpino_lc|793
T#5500|22|1|1620|alpino_lc|1806
T#5506|28|1|33570|alpino_lc|17748
T#5507|28|1|1090|alpino_lc|411
T#5521|10|1|1610|alpino_lc|1092
T#5524|33|1|10900|alpino_lc|2648
T#5533|17|1|1480|alpino_lc|675
T#5535|32|1|1240|alpino_lc|1446
T#5541|13|1|330|alpino_lc|112
T#5547|7|1|100|alpino_lc|93
T#5557|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|920
T#5565|25|1|600|alpino_lc|289
T#5570|30|1|1840|alpino_lc|1317
T#5583|35|1|620|alpino_lc|252
T#5591|36|1|13880|alpino_lc|1808
T#5597|17|1|690|alpino_lc|825
T#5614|16|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#5627|16|1|1770|alpino_lc|561
T#5632|12|1|260|alpino_lc|133
T#5636|31|1|14210|alpino_lc|4217
T#5673|16|1|380|alpino_lc|107
T#5687|11|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#5692|30|1|2190|alpino_lc|942
T#5699|25|1|460|alpino_lc|307
T#5721|4|1|120|alpino_lc|84
T#5722|10|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#5729|15|1|610|alpino_lc|410
T#5740|9|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#5748|42|1|46930|alpino_lc|9892
T#5762|27|1|11230|alpino_lc|11989
T#5764|10|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#5771|23|1|320|alpino_lc|275
T#5793|20|1|1590|alpino_lc|733
T#5812|24|1|1170|alpino_lc|496
T#5818|16|1|440|alpino_lc|344
T#5820|17|1|8590|alpino_lc|4671
T#5836|25|1|2220|alpino_lc|1254
T#5838|14|1|300|alpino_lc|145
T#5845|12|1|380|alpino_lc|315
T#5853|13|1|480|alpino_lc|449
T#5867|19|1|660|alpino_lc|504
T#5880|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#5904|19|1|600|alpino_lc|291
T#5927|31|1|2000|alpino_lc|525
T#5930|26|1|6110|alpino_lc|7433
T#5938|31|1|2900|alpino_lc|1631
T#5944|27|1|3130|alpino_lc|1642
T#5945|22|1|1070|alpino_lc|194
T#5947|25|1|1690|alpino_lc|798
T#5984|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|627
T#5987|32|1|22010|alpino_lc|15877
T#6007|21|1|220|alpino_lc|129
T#6012|16|1|300|alpino_lc|140
T#6013|24|1|2130|alpino_lc|886
T#6045|10|1|260|alpino_lc|61
T#6053|12|1|670|alpino_lc|338
T#6061|13|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#6072|16|1|680|alpino_lc|443
T#6074|20|1|480|alpino_lc|400
T#6076|23|1|570|alpino_lc|251
T#6079|20|1|990|alpino_lc|1230
T#6085|60|1|10080|alpino_lc|1725
T#6087|21|1|520|alpino_lc|539
T#6110|40|1|5010|alpino_lc|3639
T#6121|18|1|420|alpino_lc|127
T#6139|14|1|460|alpino_lc|425
T#6144|12|1|470|alpino_lc|302
T#6162|16|1|380|alpino_lc|257
T#6168|20|1|1080|alpino_lc|392
T#6169|29|1|17570|alpino_lc|16461
T#6178|15|1|550|alpino_lc|371
T#6180|23|1|310|alpino_lc|269
T#6182|16|1|390|alpino_lc|386
T#6189|8|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#6206|21|1|570|alpino_lc|304
T#6207|30|1|8270|alpino_lc|3395
T#6219|7|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#6220|26|1|2610|alpino_lc|876
T#6228|11|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#6231|17|1|310|alpino_lc|127
T#6248|19|1|600|alpino_lc|291
T#6257|22|1|5590|alpino_lc|3135
T#6280|16|1|320|alpino_lc|76
T#6282|10|1|680|alpino_lc|352
T#6287|10|1|190|alpino_lc|93
T#6296|46|1|196670|alpino_lc|17192
T#6307|25|1|1880|alpino_lc|1348
T#6308|22|1|3700|alpino_lc|2052
T#6312|27|1|3510|alpino_lc|4449
T#6313|14|1|2960|alpino_lc|2919
T#6318|32|1|15910|alpino_lc|1727
T#6322|25|1|1170|alpino_lc|1323
T#6329|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#6360|16|1|330|alpino_lc|196
T#6375|35|1|1970|alpino_lc|818
T#6382|11|1|230|alpino_lc|145
T#6404|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#6409|17|1|470|alpino_lc|94
T#6410|28|1|18320|alpino_lc|3225
T#6445|16|1|5000|alpino_lc|4514
T#6448|13|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#6452|21|1|1870|alpino_lc|1261
T#6464|28|1|910|alpino_lc|480
T#6481|7|1|200|alpino_lc|110
T#6497|8|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#6500|13|1|230|alpino_lc|115
T#6520|29|1|780|alpino_lc|1147
T#6522|38|1|3940|alpino_lc|716
T#6530|26|1|4240|alpino_lc|3837
T#6535|23|1|920|alpino_lc|169
T#6537|14|1|810|alpino_lc|783
T#6541|20|1|510|alpino_lc|396
T#6560|15|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#6561|36|1|12490|alpino_lc|3094
T#6588|18|1|970|alpino_lc|580
T#6589|18|1|350|alpino_lc|228
T#6606|18|1|540|alpino_lc|82
T#6611|23|1|1310|alpino_lc|881
T#6653|5|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#6659|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|950
T#6662|12|1|1120|alpino_lc|1073
T#6667|11|1|400|alpino_lc|240
T#6678|6|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#6688|45|1|6140|alpino_lc|5577
T#6697|16|1|1360|alpino_lc|901
T#6709|31|1|2420|alpino_lc|2135
T#6761|23|1|2750|alpino_lc|1749
T#6768|18|1|310|alpino_lc|47
T#6778|26|1|2850|alpino_lc|3303
T#6792|9|1|200|alpino_lc|248
T#6797|27|1|690|alpino_lc|356
T#6799|37|1|24780|alpino_lc|5957
T#6804|21|1|1790|alpino_lc|2128
T#6825|45|1|8930|alpino_lc|8034
T#6853|29|1|15970|alpino_lc|9062
T#6880|17|1|200|alpino_lc|68
T#6884|9|1|260|alpino_lc|91
T#6893|6|1|160|alpino_lc|37
T#6894|31|1|1700|alpino_lc|684
T#6929|16|1|420|alpino_lc|230
T#6930|11|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#6944|19|1|610|alpino_lc|351
T#6975|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|424
T#6979|42|1|40370|alpino_lc|12491
T#6981|27|1|20160|alpino_lc|8214
T#6983|20|1|840|alpino_lc|833
T#6990|24|1|7030|alpino_lc|2405
T#6999|22|1|390|alpino_lc|206
T#7048|14|1|400|alpino_lc|161
T#7050|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#7053|17|1|3650|alpino_lc|3244
T#7061|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#7067|13|1|630|alpino_lc|382
T#7080|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|877
T#7104|21|1|510|alpino_lc|433
T#7109|27|1|1370|alpino_lc|1023
T#7116|28|1|14800|alpino_lc|16486
T#7117|29|1|2370|alpino_lc|1981
T#7119|16|1|630|alpino_lc|513
T#7133|29|1|2200|alpino_lc|1526
