cputime total 13520 msec
cputime total 19380 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 14120 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 24330 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 13360 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 10740 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 28880 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20860 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 51020 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 21970 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 11340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 12060 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 9260 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 35070 msec
cputime total 11760 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 25760 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10580 msec
cputime total 83520 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 9240 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 42430 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 56620 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 19830 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 22300 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 21740 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 6780 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 21790 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 63200 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 15760 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 27070 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 18850 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 25800 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 28910 msec
cputime total 26170 msec
cputime total 7220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 6410 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 16150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 11320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 12040 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 11450 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 22400 msec
cputime total 30610 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20880 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 19310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20060 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 19820 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 14760 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 115340 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 12010 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 16500 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 23320 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 10520 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 35260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 57210 msec
cputime total 116210 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 29060 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 6610 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 11670 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 10110 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 6660 msec
cputime total 15980 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 30530 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 16280 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 81340 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 5480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 161590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 25470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 26590 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 59960 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 7540 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 13670 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 19810 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 32320 msec
cputime total 22850 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 17560 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 8740 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 21730 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 117030 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 29330 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 29830 msec
cputime total 11170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10020 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 29110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 12810 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 57150 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 15310 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 8390 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 490 msec
T#21|31|1|13520|alpino_lc|3890
T#29|38|1|19380|alpino_lc|12113
T#30|9|1|250|alpino_lc|160
T#35|12|1|410|alpino_lc|85
T#38|18|1|370|alpino_lc|307
T#49|31|1|14120|alpino_lc|6894
T#77|20|1|500|alpino_lc|272
T#83|20|1|680|alpino_lc|259
T#128|10|1|600|alpino_lc|818
T#129|17|1|2700|alpino_lc|757
T#146|9|1|360|alpino_lc|230
T#147|9|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#156|22|1|3420|alpino_lc|1123
T#174|14|1|400|alpino_lc|84
T#182|32|1|2420|alpino_lc|1620
T#192|22|1|970|alpino_lc|191
T#196|21|1|2380|alpino_lc|642
T#201|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#212|22|1|1600|alpino_lc|1631
T#218|12|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#269|33|1|6850|alpino_lc|2351
T#274|25|1|2620|alpino_lc|1343
T#289|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|661
T#317|18|1|590|alpino_lc|396
T#340|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|352
T#343|6|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#357|11|1|510|alpino_lc|426
T#359|11|1|300|alpino_lc|202
T#362|15|1|890|alpino_lc|361
T#368|19|1|460|alpino_lc|365
T#370|25|1|2770|alpino_lc|967
T#396|8|1|100|alpino_lc|108
T#406|25|1|1530|alpino_lc|904
T#410|29|1|2660|alpino_lc|1274
T#412|24|1|3340|alpino_lc|2290
T#415|41|1|24330|alpino_lc|1989
T#423|16|1|460|alpino_lc|93
T#430|23|1|620|alpino_lc|333
T#440|14|1|570|alpino_lc|331
T#443|10|1|200|alpino_lc|169
T#446|14|1|1530|alpino_lc|1157
T#464|31|1|13360|alpino_lc|6399
T#475|22|1|720|alpino_lc|557
T#481|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|1637
T#483|15|1|3860|alpino_lc|4037
T#503|9|1|270|alpino_lc|225
T#519|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#520|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#524|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#532|11|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#540|13|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#541|17|1|970|alpino_lc|565
T#544|11|1|260|alpino_lc|76
T#545|13|1|2670|alpino_lc|4716
T#550|9|1|210|alpino_lc|33
T#558|10|1|330|alpino_lc|140
T#562|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#570|9|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#575|13|1|300|alpino_lc|102
T#584|9|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#585|10|1|840|alpino_lc|477
T#595|16|1|330|alpino_lc|129
T#599|40|1|4880|alpino_lc|3085
T#600|19|1|660|alpino_lc|253
T#614|18|1|10740|alpino_lc|1712
T#634|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#641|52|1|28880|alpino_lc|3322
T#645|8|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#661|51|1|20860|alpino_lc|1516
T#673|16|1|680|alpino_lc|416
T#675|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|1119
T#685|11|1|180|alpino_lc|108
T#693|10|1|400|alpino_lc|195
T#696|17|1|430|alpino_lc|254
T#698|22|1|3810|alpino_lc|2521
T#702|25|1|4190|alpino_lc|4231
T#721|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#728|7|1|170|alpino_lc|57
T#735|24|1|51020|alpino_lc|42968
T#736|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#738|19|1|6070|alpino_lc|2712
T#745|23|1|1040|alpino_lc|496
T#774|8|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#799|31|1|21970|alpino_lc|3809
T#805|9|1|410|alpino_lc|287
T#818|16|1|5110|alpino_lc|2233
T#823|18|1|1120|alpino_lc|667
T#830|15|1|210|alpino_lc|165
T#831|25|1|2030|alpino_lc|901
T#836|9|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#854|22|1|500|alpino_lc|396
T#855|14|1|450|alpino_lc|307
T#858|24|1|3860|alpino_lc|3113
T#871|30|1|1730|alpino_lc|319
T#887|35|1|11340|alpino_lc|4695
T#901|15|1|220|alpino_lc|140
T#905|15|1|990|alpino_lc|832
T#907|31|1|5400|alpino_lc|2320
T#909|36|1|1460|alpino_lc|519
T#920|20|1|1510|alpino_lc|413
T#928|41|1|12060|alpino_lc|8867
T#932|9|1|180|alpino_lc|63
T#940|39|1|1450|alpino_lc|777
T#971|23|1|1510|alpino_lc|1016
T#976|12|1|320|alpino_lc|171
T#991|26|1|9260|alpino_lc|5513
T#992|17|1|350|alpino_lc|114
T#996|18|1|640|alpino_lc|534
T#1027|24|1|35070|alpino_lc|17682
T#1033|36|1|11760|alpino_lc|517
T#1042|14|1|520|alpino_lc|142
T#1044|27|1|25760|alpino_lc|10470
T#1049|23|1|12110|alpino_lc|6856
T#1051|14|1|620|alpino_lc|577
T#1063|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#1077|7|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#1092|32|1|1210|alpino_lc|1358
T#1098|17|1|510|alpino_lc|177
T#1118|9|1|190|alpino_lc|133
T#1125|9|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#1129|7|1|330|alpino_lc|413
T#1138|20|1|1320|alpino_lc|713
T#1149|22|1|2350|alpino_lc|1666
T#1151|19|1|520|alpino_lc|362
T#1161|13|1|300|alpino_lc|248
T#1172|36|1|10580|alpino_lc|4131
T#1181|62|1|83520|alpino_lc|34506
T#1185|24|1|2160|alpino_lc|1554
T#1189|11|1|430|alpino_lc|184
T#1193|24|1|980|alpino_lc|327
T#1197|10|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#1210|14|1|720|alpino_lc|122
T#1212|25|1|2250|alpino_lc|584
T#1213|16|1|5300|alpino_lc|1731
T#1230|15|1|470|alpino_lc|207
T#1233|28|1|2440|alpino_lc|1127
T#1272|28|1|1490|alpino_lc|807
T#1277|5|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#1289|9|1|460|alpino_lc|346
T#1325|6|1|60|alpino_lc|41
T#1330|32|1|6140|alpino_lc|1543
T#1337|7|1|220|alpino_lc|220
T#1349|29|1|3130|alpino_lc|2691
T#1357|11|1|340|alpino_lc|228
T#1368|37|1|9240|alpino_lc|4414
T#1372|19|1|1630|alpino_lc|613
T#1380|7|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#1406|15|1|4090|alpino_lc|2518
T#1424|28|1|1920|alpino_lc|1658
T#1444|31|1|42430|alpino_lc|7641
T#1452|9|1|530|alpino_lc|650
T#1465|22|1|860|alpino_lc|352
T#1466|16|1|480|alpino_lc|368
T#1468|35|1|56620|alpino_lc|14501
T#1479|8|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#1482|25|1|1440|alpino_lc|1624
T#1487|13|1|1080|alpino_lc|1443
T#1491|27|1|1770|alpino_lc|1379
T#1500|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#1535|27|1|430|alpino_lc|84
T#1549|23|1|2060|alpino_lc|444
T#1550|24|1|940|alpino_lc|840
T#1559|31|1|19830|alpino_lc|5998
T#1562|12|1|230|alpino_lc|80
T#1566|8|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#1568|24|1|580|alpino_lc|279
T#1571|21|1|660|alpino_lc|665
T#1576|27|1|2740|alpino_lc|1332
T#1593|28|1|5530|alpino_lc|1333
T#1641|5|1|200|alpino_lc|253
T#1647|7|1|80|alpino_lc|79
T#1673|23|1|2510|alpino_lc|1010
T#1680|30|1|6260|alpino_lc|969
T#1695|22|1|2160|alpino_lc|882
T#1705|9|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#1709|9|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#1717|12|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#1759|25|1|620|alpino_lc|389
T#1767|39|1|22300|alpino_lc|11978
T#1770|27|1|2780|alpino_lc|972
T#1773|45|1|2790|alpino_lc|2279
T#1774|35|1|4520|alpino_lc|5491
T#1788|4|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#1791|8|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#1798|9|1|220|alpino_lc|41
T#1821|11|1|1970|alpino_lc|1846
T#1879|17|1|530|alpino_lc|427
T#1892|18|1|800|alpino_lc|495
T#1915|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|936
T#1920|5|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#1925|33|1|21740|alpino_lc|4647
T#1931|14|1|790|alpino_lc|489
T#1943|8|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#1950|35|1|6780|alpino_lc|7083
T#1951|21|1|380|alpino_lc|31
T#1953|5|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#1965|15|1|300|alpino_lc|43
T#1998|38|1|21790|alpino_lc|2729
T#2009|20|1|880|alpino_lc|512
T#2026|7|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#2027|16|1|260|alpino_lc|46
T#2046|15|1|400|alpino_lc|148
T#2062|18|1|2550|alpino_lc|1874
T#2063|27|1|2210|alpino_lc|1448
T#2069|17|1|310|alpino_lc|63
T#2074|35|1|4050|alpino_lc|507
T#2083|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|719
T#2092|13|1|1440|alpino_lc|1083
T#2094|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|1029
T#2098|17|1|360|alpino_lc|181
T#2099|42|1|63200|alpino_lc|4163
T#2103|17|1|2380|alpino_lc|4146
T#2108|29|1|940|alpino_lc|416
T#2127|15|1|530|alpino_lc|145
T#2130|23|1|5100|alpino_lc|3643
T#2139|15|1|530|alpino_lc|458
T#2145|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|363
T#2148|14|1|310|alpino_lc|105
T#2159|26|1|1440|alpino_lc|435
T#2166|16|1|270|alpino_lc|102
T#2173|27|1|2300|alpino_lc|769
T#2176|13|1|530|alpino_lc|150
T#2180|18|1|670|alpino_lc|283
T#2182|13|1|400|alpino_lc|534
T#2206|29|1|6470|alpino_lc|2405
T#2214|17|1|350|alpino_lc|69
T#2217|30|1|4330|alpino_lc|974
T#2222|9|1|420|alpino_lc|298
T#2231|9|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#2250|24|1|2000|alpino_lc|592
T#2262|17|1|260|alpino_lc|105
T#2268|22|1|1390|alpino_lc|579
T#2272|7|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#2289|30|1|15760|alpino_lc|12226
T#2294|10|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#2297|16|1|480|alpino_lc|322
T#2315|12|1|620|alpino_lc|388
T#2342|26|1|3370|alpino_lc|1215
T#2345|8|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#2392|17|1|4420|alpino_lc|2581
T#2394|12|1|400|alpino_lc|248
T#2411|8|1|370|alpino_lc|704
T#2412|30|1|2730|alpino_lc|1487
T#2413|11|1|430|alpino_lc|384
T#2429|13|1|520|alpino_lc|364
T#2431|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#2432|25|1|27070|alpino_lc|2844
T#2447|32|1|3880|alpino_lc|1240
T#2459|5|1|130|alpino_lc|11
T#2463|12|1|500|alpino_lc|484
T#2475|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#2484|15|1|710|alpino_lc|190
T#2493|27|1|4570|alpino_lc|1383
T#2507|25|1|340|alpino_lc|123
T#2513|20|1|2410|alpino_lc|1299
T#2519|9|1|690|alpino_lc|470
T#2555|6|1|120|alpino_lc|85
T#2556|19|1|370|alpino_lc|144
T#2562|29|1|600|alpino_lc|342
T#2574|12|1|2400|alpino_lc|2931
T#2576|39|1|2690|alpino_lc|1025
T#2577|19|1|3650|alpino_lc|1599
T#2580|7|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#2582|13|1|420|alpino_lc|305
T#2624|33|1|18850|alpino_lc|18940
T#2627|10|1|60|alpino_lc|36
T#2659|14|1|780|alpino_lc|347
T#2668|17|1|460|alpino_lc|86
T#2670|12|1|370|alpino_lc|304
T#2703|43|1|25800|alpino_lc|12400
T#2725|12|1|1280|alpino_lc|222
T#2730|41|1|28910|alpino_lc|990
T#2733|29|1|26170|alpino_lc|6852
T#2738|16|1|7220|alpino_lc|1998
T#2763|18|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#2764|16|1|530|alpino_lc|242
T#2775|16|1|530|alpino_lc|204
T#2790|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|581
T#2791|22|1|680|alpino_lc|266
T#2796|10|1|200|alpino_lc|158
T#2811|21|1|2400|alpino_lc|1785
T#2815|16|1|400|alpino_lc|58
T#2823|34|1|5280|alpino_lc|5147
T#2825|21|1|1820|alpino_lc|1314
T#2828|12|1|350|alpino_lc|233
T#2855|7|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#2878|3|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#2898|10|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#2904|22|1|770|alpino_lc|565
T#2913|6|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#2915|33|1|3470|alpino_lc|3879
T#2924|40|1|6410|alpino_lc|3045
T#2927|17|1|540|alpino_lc|102
T#2934|9|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#2937|18|1|5220|alpino_lc|2757
T#2944|8|1|520|alpino_lc|285
T#2956|32|1|16150|alpino_lc|6077
T#2969|5|1|100|alpino_lc|66
T#2970|16|1|230|alpino_lc|65
T#2973|31|1|550|alpino_lc|285
T#2985|8|1|340|alpino_lc|225
T#2986|16|1|3670|alpino_lc|3437
T#2996|11|1|190|alpino_lc|80
T#3014|33|1|2520|alpino_lc|3857
T#3016|14|1|2590|alpino_lc|874
T#3018|9|1|280|alpino_lc|167
T#3020|17|1|970|alpino_lc|187
T#3042|6|1|150|alpino_lc|81
T#3046|25|1|11320|alpino_lc|3572
T#3050|7|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#3056|9|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#3069|46|1|12040|alpino_lc|10405
T#3070|20|1|1470|alpino_lc|652
T#3084|8|1|290|alpino_lc|223
T#3093|19|1|940|alpino_lc|625
T#3095|16|1|2340|alpino_lc|2616
T#3107|27|1|6740|alpino_lc|2215
T#3108|20|1|2130|alpino_lc|1085
T#3123|14|1|170|alpino_lc|91
T#3130|16|1|8860|alpino_lc|3701
T#3133|20|1|1730|alpino_lc|2129
T#3142|37|1|11450|alpino_lc|6116
T#3150|27|1|2660|alpino_lc|1665
T#3155|16|1|900|alpino_lc|221
T#3185|15|1|330|alpino_lc|81
T#3195|27|1|1620|alpino_lc|680
T#3211|8|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#3223|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|333
T#3233|25|1|2660|alpino_lc|3969
T#3234|10|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#3244|11|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#3248|14|1|2080|alpino_lc|1051
T#3256|17|1|300|alpino_lc|83
T#3257|30|1|22400|alpino_lc|10649
T#3262|32|1|30610|alpino_lc|2157
T#3274|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|733
T#3302|9|1|280|alpino_lc|284
T#3308|6|1|70|alpino_lc|61
T#3310|52|1|20880|alpino_lc|5676
T#3322|13|1|430|alpino_lc|145
T#3323|54|1|1080|alpino_lc|400
T#3326|13|1|370|alpino_lc|202
T#3345|6|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#3372|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#3377|24|1|610|alpino_lc|287
T#3395|19|1|1780|alpino_lc|1499
T#3401|16|1|2950|alpino_lc|985
T#3403|9|1|280|alpino_lc|201
T#3421|11|1|440|alpino_lc|274
T#3431|47|1|19310|alpino_lc|17307
T#3456|12|1|190|alpino_lc|151
T#3457|25|1|20060|alpino_lc|9960
T#3461|6|1|260|alpino_lc|79
T#3462|25|1|1770|alpino_lc|821
T#3468|25|1|4710|alpino_lc|1636
T#3476|11|1|240|alpino_lc|21
T#3484|18|1|680|alpino_lc|509
T#3499|16|1|2970|alpino_lc|1247
T#3512|21|1|4220|alpino_lc|1914
T#3513|38|1|19820|alpino_lc|6610
T#3527|17|1|930|alpino_lc|471
T#3537|14|1|500|alpino_lc|217
T#3561|8|1|90|alpino_lc|59
T#3570|41|1|15060|alpino_lc|2582
T#3574|16|1|290|alpino_lc|112
T#3605|18|1|1240|alpino_lc|666
T#3616|26|1|1040|alpino_lc|706
T#3642|21|1|220|alpino_lc|65
T#3655|20|1|1400|alpino_lc|971
T#3661|7|1|150|alpino_lc|206
T#3668|29|1|6120|alpino_lc|2272
T#3685|18|1|850|alpino_lc|316
T#3689|9|1|200|alpino_lc|147
T#3690|12|1|220|alpino_lc|109
T#3693|19|1|640|alpino_lc|381
T#3703|22|1|1610|alpino_lc|937
T#3705|29|1|1630|alpino_lc|671
T#3718|14|1|490|alpino_lc|393
T#3721|8|1|340|alpino_lc|297
T#3729|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#3732|27|1|4670|alpino_lc|2020
T#3739|8|1|220|alpino_lc|71
T#3763|23|1|290|alpino_lc|108
T#3764|20|1|1720|alpino_lc|654
T#3767|28|1|1800|alpino_lc|1087
T#3774|46|1|14760|alpino_lc|7741
T#3782|34|1|2470|alpino_lc|1019
T#3812|25|1|980|alpino_lc|303
T#3818|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|683
T#3821|23|1|440|alpino_lc|425
T#3831|38|1|930|alpino_lc|390
T#3838|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#3840|7|1|150|alpino_lc|108
T#3841|18|1|770|alpino_lc|151
T#3843|11|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#3850|17|1|350|alpino_lc|198
T#3852|37|1|3260|alpino_lc|1873
T#3863|17|1|170|alpino_lc|89
T#3864|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|447
T#3902|26|1|3070|alpino_lc|1019
T#3906|27|1|2590|alpino_lc|4415
T#3908|10|1|510|alpino_lc|47
T#3919|8|1|880|alpino_lc|624
T#3933|16|1|320|alpino_lc|135
T#3935|19|1|550|alpino_lc|449
T#3937|22|1|2650|alpino_lc|618
T#3946|37|1|1280|alpino_lc|184
T#3952|13|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#3972|11|1|330|alpino_lc|149
T#3975|17|1|940|alpino_lc|573
T#3981|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#4011|23|1|1950|alpino_lc|1072
T#4014|9|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#4024|8|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#4032|13|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#4039|10|1|260|alpino_lc|118
T#4041|21|1|3090|alpino_lc|2644
T#4064|11|1|470|alpino_lc|324
T#4067|10|1|980|alpino_lc|683
T#4107|18|1|950|alpino_lc|459
T#4118|9|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#4122|13|1|270|alpino_lc|105
T#4127|6|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#4128|18|1|950|alpino_lc|752
T#4146|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#4147|10|1|330|alpino_lc|125
T#4175|17|1|980|alpino_lc|731
T#4176|31|1|115340|alpino_lc|8750
T#4196|9|1|260|alpino_lc|137
T#4221|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|406
T#4229|8|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#4234|20|1|620|alpino_lc|127
T#4239|10|1|130|alpino_lc|79
T#4245|14|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#4254|30|1|780|alpino_lc|361
T#4255|20|1|490|alpino_lc|161
T#4260|13|1|240|alpino_lc|33
T#4264|12|1|2650|alpino_lc|1334
T#4274|24|1|4930|alpino_lc|7167
T#4287|56|1|12010|alpino_lc|4603
T#4290|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#4293|22|1|1000|alpino_lc|565
T#4294|51|1|16500|alpino_lc|5293
T#4316|14|1|1610|alpino_lc|709
T#4329|31|1|850|alpino_lc|267
T#4338|21|1|420|alpino_lc|302
T#4349|9|1|330|alpino_lc|267
T#4354|17|1|760|alpino_lc|534
T#4357|11|1|180|alpino_lc|188
T#4359|21|1|810|alpino_lc|337
T#4363|11|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#4381|14|1|160|alpino_lc|86
T#4389|17|1|410|alpino_lc|242
T#4390|14|1|210|alpino_lc|81
T#4434|14|1|540|alpino_lc|279
T#4443|25|1|2740|alpino_lc|982
T#4447|15|1|250|alpino_lc|56
T#4453|17|1|1280|alpino_lc|1195
T#4487|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|613
T#4497|48|1|23320|alpino_lc|9902
T#4503|12|1|290|alpino_lc|56
T#4513|7|1|170|alpino_lc|45
T#4528|35|1|7200|alpino_lc|4282
T#4531|5|1|80|alpino_lc|124
T#4532|8|1|130|alpino_lc|69
T#4557|9|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#4565|14|1|660|alpino_lc|100
T#4569|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|1196
T#4579|24|1|570|alpino_lc|230
T#4604|28|1|1900|alpino_lc|587
T#4608|42|1|10520|alpino_lc|5587
T#4610|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#4618|20|1|410|alpino_lc|317
T#4628|22|1|390|alpino_lc|126
T#4632|46|1|35260|alpino_lc|22614
T#4653|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#4654|19|1|6720|alpino_lc|3706
T#4657|24|1|870|alpino_lc|107
T#4662|20|1|620|alpino_lc|253
T#4667|16|1|910|alpino_lc|232
T#4673|15|1|490|alpino_lc|268
T#4678|34|1|2220|alpino_lc|2157
T#4690|12|1|440|alpino_lc|177
T#4701|13|1|570|alpino_lc|563
T#4711|42|1|57210|alpino_lc|8687
T#4720|41|1|116210|alpino_lc|26087
T#4759|24|1|6710|alpino_lc|2697
T#4772|18|1|1270|alpino_lc|822
T#4799|24|1|2250|alpino_lc|1321
T#4802|11|1|160|alpino_lc|21
T#4823|21|1|530|alpino_lc|502
T#4842|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|1252
T#4850|16|1|540|alpino_lc|145
T#4881|16|1|390|alpino_lc|211
T#4892|35|1|970|alpino_lc|246
T#4904|7|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#4910|17|1|260|alpino_lc|115
T#4914|14|1|170|alpino_lc|98
T#4915|46|1|29060|alpino_lc|25162
T#4933|24|1|2210|alpino_lc|2056
T#4939|19|1|8140|alpino_lc|5133
T#4951|27|1|1220|alpino_lc|378
T#4957|6|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#4962|14|1|540|alpino_lc|360
T#4966|19|1|650|alpino_lc|523
T#4971|36|1|6610|alpino_lc|8208
T#4984|24|1|2260|alpino_lc|936
T#5021|6|1|240|alpino_lc|343
T#5024|4|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#5032|9|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#5035|32|1|9110|alpino_lc|8918
T#5044|13|1|320|alpino_lc|197
T#5051|29|1|11670|alpino_lc|4844
T#5061|23|1|2900|alpino_lc|494
T#5088|47|1|10110|alpino_lc|8822
T#5094|30|1|9120|alpino_lc|896
T#5136|14|1|420|alpino_lc|180
T#5142|13|1|300|alpino_lc|107
T#5156|18|1|2480|alpino_lc|1244
T#5178|26|1|900|alpino_lc|784
T#5182|6|1|150|alpino_lc|6
T#5183|39|1|6660|alpino_lc|1394
T#5195|66|1|15980|alpino_lc|1991
T#5202|20|1|1620|alpino_lc|594
T#5208|19|1|1470|alpino_lc|664
T#5216|20|1|1020|alpino_lc|886
T#5239|8|1|210|alpino_lc|104
T#5247|20|1|1440|alpino_lc|676
T#5248|29|1|510|alpino_lc|268
T#5253|8|1|310|alpino_lc|108
T#5258|27|1|5730|alpino_lc|2329
T#5306|20|1|6050|alpino_lc|3264
T#5307|20|1|310|alpino_lc|128
T#5309|33|1|30530|alpino_lc|20656
T#5317|24|1|4010|alpino_lc|2136
T#5319|34|1|990|alpino_lc|599
T#5322|16|1|3820|alpino_lc|1918
T#5328|35|1|16280|alpino_lc|13038
T#5352|20|1|1670|alpino_lc|636
T#5359|12|1|200|alpino_lc|115
T#5360|27|1|1510|alpino_lc|600
T#5378|22|1|1360|alpino_lc|629
T#5391|12|1|1970|alpino_lc|1077
T#5392|44|1|81340|alpino_lc|17015
T#5409|38|1|4320|alpino_lc|856
T#5421|21|1|5480|alpino_lc|2351
T#5422|7|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#5436|47|1|161590|alpino_lc|6531
T#5442|10|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#5475|16|1|340|alpino_lc|176
T#5482|11|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#5492|10|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#5497|45|1|25470|alpino_lc|12655
T#5505|17|1|290|alpino_lc|266
T#5511|29|1|26590|alpino_lc|6021
T#5525|35|1|6580|alpino_lc|6472
T#5526|46|1|1650|alpino_lc|1859
T#5527|16|1|1100|alpino_lc|1376
T#5550|19|1|380|alpino_lc|277
T#5576|29|1|1450|alpino_lc|912
T#5580|20|1|1580|alpino_lc|567
T#5581|23|1|1150|alpino_lc|685
T#5588|27|1|3960|alpino_lc|512
T#5590|10|1|230|alpino_lc|40
T#5595|24|1|1630|alpino_lc|356
T#5622|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#5633|48|1|59960|alpino_lc|2998
T#5635|31|1|1850|alpino_lc|704
T#5638|13|1|860|alpino_lc|510
T#5641|33|1|2960|alpino_lc|850
T#5645|24|1|7540|alpino_lc|1448
T#5646|34|1|4180|alpino_lc|2853
T#5647|11|1|370|alpino_lc|445
T#5648|30|1|1040|alpino_lc|527
T#5656|14|1|490|alpino_lc|563
T#5658|20|1|13670|alpino_lc|6678
T#5662|13|1|450|alpino_lc|142
T#5675|10|1|310|alpino_lc|216
T#5676|9|1|280|alpino_lc|119
T#5684|14|1|1080|alpino_lc|146
T#5685|25|1|1800|alpino_lc|761
T#5705|18|1|320|alpino_lc|210
T#5708|34|1|2660|alpino_lc|333
T#5724|14|1|260|alpino_lc|181
T#5733|43|1|3590|alpino_lc|1966
T#5738|30|1|19810|alpino_lc|2010
T#5760|18|1|3610|alpino_lc|2218
T#5767|44|1|32320|alpino_lc|6522
T#5770|20|1|22850|alpino_lc|15278
T#5787|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|842
T#5788|14|1|3470|alpino_lc|3157
T#5794|21|1|1670|alpino_lc|1520
T#5803|26|1|17560|alpino_lc|13974
T#5810|30|1|4650|alpino_lc|2343
T#5811|17|1|5650|alpino_lc|4452
T#5814|11|1|150|alpino_lc|129
T#5824|26|1|2900|alpino_lc|2547
T#5826|18|1|830|alpino_lc|563
T#5837|27|1|720|alpino_lc|323
T#5854|12|1|520|alpino_lc|648
T#5874|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#5881|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#5916|20|1|1910|alpino_lc|916
T#5922|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|612
T#5926|29|1|8740|alpino_lc|1990
T#5939|13|1|780|alpino_lc|687
T#5942|20|1|950|alpino_lc|686
T#5977|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#5978|4|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#5980|4|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#5985|53|1|21730|alpino_lc|20628
T#5992|13|1|530|alpino_lc|377
T#5995|25|1|1880|alpino_lc|1674
T#6004|15|1|3940|alpino_lc|2562
T#6023|17|1|270|alpino_lc|164
T#6034|22|1|640|alpino_lc|287
T#6043|24|1|1290|alpino_lc|654
T#6059|14|1|450|alpino_lc|664
T#6069|22|1|1370|alpino_lc|467
T#6070|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#6082|19|1|870|alpino_lc|746
T#6086|7|1|140|alpino_lc|16
T#6088|5|1|50|alpino_lc|36
T#6106|2|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#6117|10|1|300|alpino_lc|286
T#6131|24|1|1760|alpino_lc|1461
T#6134|36|1|4970|alpino_lc|1229
T#6143|17|1|540|alpino_lc|554
T#6145|12|1|230|alpino_lc|194
T#6146|18|1|5670|alpino_lc|1858
T#6151|18|1|520|alpino_lc|176
T#6157|50|1|117030|alpino_lc|19696
T#6163|6|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#6187|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|523
T#6200|13|1|550|alpino_lc|1118
T#6204|8|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#6211|14|1|400|alpino_lc|148
T#6234|16|1|490|alpino_lc|104
T#6259|24|1|1790|alpino_lc|701
T#6284|13|1|500|alpino_lc|395
T#6286|10|1|160|alpino_lc|86
T#6295|23|1|2290|alpino_lc|2035
T#6299|18|1|320|alpino_lc|67
T#6302|20|1|2970|alpino_lc|3205
T#6309|7|1|320|alpino_lc|139
T#6310|17|1|6810|alpino_lc|4212
T#6337|30|1|29330|alpino_lc|21021
T#6340|21|1|800|alpino_lc|377
T#6364|9|1|270|alpino_lc|291
T#6365|20|1|910|alpino_lc|476
T#6373|13|1|590|alpino_lc|352
T#6384|41|1|8160|alpino_lc|1330
T#6391|19|1|390|alpino_lc|130
T#6399|14|1|730|alpino_lc|548
T#6403|14|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#6421|18|1|670|alpino_lc|806
T#6425|7|1|230|alpino_lc|71
T#6426|9|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#6431|7|1|170|alpino_lc|131
T#6432|8|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#6433|13|1|270|alpino_lc|157
T#6434|7|1|430|alpino_lc|223
T#6438|27|1|3530|alpino_lc|1383
T#6439|12|1|930|alpino_lc|588
T#6440|17|1|29830|alpino_lc|28756
T#6460|21|1|11170|alpino_lc|5582
T#6462|14|1|290|alpino_lc|220
T#6468|24|1|2180|alpino_lc|1611
T#6470|19|1|370|alpino_lc|165
T#6495|22|1|2650|alpino_lc|1008
T#6549|7|1|330|alpino_lc|199
T#6559|34|1|10020|alpino_lc|1936
T#6563|7|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#6568|35|1|4200|alpino_lc|926
T#6573|29|1|29110|alpino_lc|12547
T#6574|8|1|260|alpino_lc|219
T#6586|13|1|1880|alpino_lc|1491
T#6593|21|1|990|alpino_lc|856
T#6603|21|1|5840|alpino_lc|3674
T#6612|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#6619|9|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#6625|6|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#6655|19|1|2970|alpino_lc|1835
T#6656|8|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#6660|25|1|2680|alpino_lc|1979
T#6677|12|1|670|alpino_lc|361
T#6700|13|1|390|alpino_lc|294
T#6719|23|1|740|alpino_lc|336
T#6724|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|287
T#6726|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#6732|19|1|2530|alpino_lc|1755
T#6752|25|1|12810|alpino_lc|6267
T#6764|32|1|6460|alpino_lc|1274
T#6765|10|1|500|alpino_lc|196
T#6776|29|1|1510|alpino_lc|1033
T#6780|42|1|57150|alpino_lc|28245
T#6802|17|1|780|alpino_lc|263
T#6803|18|1|1410|alpino_lc|794
T#6817|13|1|240|alpino_lc|107
T#6820|21|1|640|alpino_lc|242
T#6831|13|1|260|alpino_lc|84
T#6858|31|1|15310|alpino_lc|9451
T#6859|22|1|4770|alpino_lc|3725
T#6879|17|1|410|alpino_lc|189
T#6897|17|1|610|alpino_lc|236
T#6901|27|1|6420|alpino_lc|4868
T#6904|6|1|330|alpino_lc|166
T#6906|6|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#6907|11|1|290|alpino_lc|315
T#6909|15|1|380|alpino_lc|36
T#6924|6|1|240|alpino_lc|59
T#6927|13|1|450|alpino_lc|277
T#6960|7|1|180|alpino_lc|156
T#6972|21|1|1840|alpino_lc|212
T#6980|11|1|1030|alpino_lc|405
T#6984|16|1|390|alpino_lc|119
T#6998|8|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#7012|8|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#7018|28|1|6810|alpino_lc|7820
T#7040|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|400
T#7047|8|1|230|alpino_lc|140
T#7052|19|1|370|alpino_lc|218
T#7091|24|1|2820|alpino_lc|1638
T#7095|21|1|5070|alpino_lc|1169
T#7105|16|1|3470|alpino_lc|628
T#7114|19|1|420|alpino_lc|107
T#7124|17|1|1290|alpino_lc|1307
T#7127|38|1|8390|alpino_lc|2649
T#7147|15|1|1010|alpino_lc|800
T#7153|13|1|490|alpino_lc|282
