cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 43770 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 28370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 6230 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 9550 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5790 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 14770 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 6030 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 15960 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 18880 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 19750 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 11630 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 68500 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 14630 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 7290 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 6780 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 8600 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 30830 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 10270 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 9770 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 15900 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 49710 msec
cputime total 20520 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 13230 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 11840 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 7940 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 14170 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 22080 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 17480 msec
cputime total 10560 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 15640 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 12510 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 31370 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 13620 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 10880 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 19190 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 11030 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 19370 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 14500 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 107930 msec
cputime total 10360 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 13360 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 10570 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 566320 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 21710 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 72470 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 6250 msec
cputime total 14030 msec
cputime total 63500 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 57580 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 26690 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 40310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 6210 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 11310 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 92370 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 17790 msec
cputime total 34070 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 8490 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 11110 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 335350 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 10540 msec
cputime total 29150 msec
cputime total 22320 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 118100 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 12550 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 57000 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 32290 msec
cputime total 47820 msec
cputime total 15580 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 11310 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 10460 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 31680 msec
cputime total 10530 msec
cputime total 19600 msec
cputime total 55280 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 18670 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 7900 msec
cputime total 42260 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 24610 msec
cputime total 34300 msec
cputime total 70270 msec
cputime total 13000 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 39030 msec
cputime total 27950 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 22370 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 48450 msec
cputime total 18330 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 29890 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 12590 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 10120 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 48690 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 6080 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 457480 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 74600 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 66110 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 9580 msec
cputime total 18030 msec
cputime total 57570 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 22870 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 58020 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 8330 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 20960 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 81270 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 11950 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 8950 msec
cputime total 22770 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 40230 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 11560 msec
cputime total 35810 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 11490 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 16160 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 530060 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 9020 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 11390 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 40560 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 14080 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 50060 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 21220 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 9780 msec
cputime total 16770 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 105220 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 28620 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 103490 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 23310 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 24560 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 887430 msec
cputime total 18290 msec
cputime total 9190 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 36720 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 28320 msec
cputime total 21940 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 237040 msec
cputime total 78740 msec
cputime total 50870 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 14790 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 5480 msec
cputime total 17510 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 27970 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 7720 msec
cputime total 15880 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 81640 msec
cputime total 8960 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 50750 msec
cputime total 34800 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 10040 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 16440 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 62070 msec
cputime total 40880 msec
cputime total 10880 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 4560 msec
cputime total 34670 msec
cputime total 73990 msec
cputime total 6920 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 12730 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 18610 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 9890 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 8770 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 129030 msec
cputime total 169140 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 51460 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 6390 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 11950 msec
cputime total 38860 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 126670 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 17390 msec
cputime total 19820 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 19730 msec
cputime total 25620 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 30010 msec
cputime total 9060 msec
cputime total 10390 msec
cputime total 15900 msec
cputime total 9740 msec
cputime total 20770 msec
cputime total 345380 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 30670 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 37090 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 14180 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 20190 msec
cputime total 14400 msec
cputime total 16160 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 26740 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 21360 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 62620 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 46010 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 14960 msec
cputime total 21130 msec
cputime total 26710 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 9050 msec
cputime total 26110 msec
cputime total 37940 msec
cputime total 19950 msec
cputime total 36590 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 13910 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 10470 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 17860 msec
cputime total 33330 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 8510 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 35720 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 9830 msec
cputime total 11820 msec
cputime total 8240 msec
cputime total 9340 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 21680 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 19810 msec
cputime total 32640 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 42830 msec
cputime total 30850 msec
cputime total 21360 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 44050 msec
cputime total 14940 msec
cputime total 59220 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 11050 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 551150 msec
cputime total 44280 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 29410 msec
cputime total 23000 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 31840 msec
cputime total 7420 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 37270 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 12440 msec
cputime total 13950 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 19920 msec
cputime total 84150 msec
cputime total 14270 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 29480 msec
cputime total 41580 msec
cputime total 22030 msec
cputime total 16600 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 31230 msec
cputime total 17450 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 244790 msec
cputime total 15340 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 48590 msec
cputime total 40800 msec
cputime total 193530 msec
cputime total 50120 msec
cputime total 59120 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 38970 msec
cputime total 12190 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 14440 msec
cputime total 24820 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 98590 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 33360 msec
cputime total 9010 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 75690 msec
cputime total 58210 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 131900 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 58400 msec
cputime total 24180 msec
cputime total 157620 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 39620 msec
cputime total 29800 msec
cputime total 14900 msec
cputime total 61760 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 25440 msec
cputime total 120750 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 15000 msec
cputime total 34020 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 14660 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 18640 msec
cputime total 13240 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 17210 msec
cputime total 17080 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 28340 msec
cputime total 46330 msec
cputime total 84580 msec
cputime total 13740 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 657070 msec
cputime total 25360 msec
cputime total 91450 msec
cputime total 76410 msec
cputime total 6330 msec
cputime total 150230 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 50290 msec
cputime total 42060 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 44070 msec
cputime total 9430 msec
cputime total 35370 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 138430 msec
cputime total 60860 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 44690 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 36830 msec
cputime total 825160 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 21640 msec
cputime total 100170 msec
cputime total 6410 msec
cputime total 189710 msec
cputime total 58360 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 39140 msec
cputime total 35580 msec
cputime total 12540 msec
cputime total 571860 msec
cputime total 10720 msec
cputime total 12800 msec
cputime total 22200 msec
cputime total 10760 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 10040 msec
cputime total 13600 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 17640 msec
cputime total 71590 msec
cputime total 759420 msec
cputime total 51920 msec
cputime total 10120 msec
cputime total 21610 msec
cputime total 15010 msec
cputime total 28880 msec
cputime total 10910 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 84580 msec
cputime total 17420 msec
cputime total 558950 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 35300 msec
cputime total 40650 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 14120 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 399490 msec
cputime total 79470 msec
cputime total 89780 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 17870 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 53670 msec
cputime total 8470 msec
cputime total 154390 msec
cputime total 96760 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 20260 msec
cputime total 14560 msec
cputime total 14750 msec
cputime total 332650 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 12630 msec
cputime total 404170 msec
cputime total 97460 msec
cputime total 113180 msec
cputime total 61350 msec
cputime total 231840 msec
cputime total 62730 msec
cputime total 40640 msec
cputime total 21500 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 60680 msec
cputime total 51240 msec
cputime total 51130 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 36930 msec
cputime total 64870 msec
cputime total 30430 msec
cputime total 23440 msec
cputime total 17640 msec
cputime total 898920 msec
cputime total 900200 msec
cputime total 61500 msec
cputime total 153060 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 15740 msec
cputime total 8110 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 25800 msec
cputime total 72250 msec
cputime total 20500 msec
cputime total 11920 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 86430 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 468800 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 43570 msec
cputime total 10820 msec
cputime total 16060 msec
cputime total 14980 msec
cputime total 34180 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 26940 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 899790 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 172770 msec
cputime total 18220 msec
cputime total 121660 msec
cputime total 243640 msec
cputime total 58380 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 302120 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 27400 msec
cputime total 37290 msec
cputime total 93500 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 124170 msec
cputime total 353160 msec
cputime total 48510 msec
cputime total 33670 msec
cputime total 154930 msec
cputime total 774090 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 8240 msec
cputime total 900110 msec
cputime total 142310 msec
cputime total 438780 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 24880 msec
cputime total 900640 msec
cputime total 12180 msec
cputime total 899390 msec
cputime total 274260 msec
cputime total 13050 msec
cputime total 69460 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 8670 msec
cputime total 900210 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 22160 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 176090 msec
cputime total 18520 msec
cputime total 60370 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 82150 msec
cputime total 42250 msec
cputime total 64700 msec
cputime total 21200 msec
cputime total 19010 msec
cputime total 93390 msec
cputime total 166990 msec
cputime total 899660 msec
cputime total 125010 msec
cputime total 27420 msec
cputime total 305350 msec
cputime total 202490 msec
cputime total 222370 msec
cputime total 899590 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 795390 msec
cputime total 10060 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 128520 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 663610 msec
cputime total 64230 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 900380 msec
cputime total 9550 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 29260 msec
cputime total 53000 msec
cputime total 9770 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 187320 msec
cputime total 25910 msec
cputime total 108150 msec
cputime total 43100 msec
cputime total 19790 msec
cputime total 25650 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 85570 msec
cputime total 23780 msec
cputime total 26560 msec
cputime total 899490 msec
cputime total 51570 msec
cputime total 296260 msec
cputime total 11990 msec
cputime total 438400 msec
cputime total 68980 msec
cputime total 14100 msec
cputime total 62730 msec
cputime total 18400 msec
cputime total 212350 msec
cputime total 54550 msec
cputime total 28090 msec
cputime total 78430 msec
cputime total 152140 msec
cputime total 180100 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 12040 msec
cputime total 413170 msec
cputime total 35440 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 423370 msec
cputime total 10520 msec
cputime total 61720 msec
cputime total 223870 msec
cputime total 51770 msec
cputime total 125170 msec
cputime total 146750 msec
cputime total 20850 msec
cputime total 9970 msec
cputime total 41070 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 14960 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 35470 msec
cputime total 899660 msec
cputime total 36170 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 42630 msec
cputime total 181540 msec
cputime total 694040 msec
cputime total 132000 msec
cputime total 161810 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 8670 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 144770 msec
cputime total 899570 msec
cputime total 899630 msec
cputime total 24140 msec
cputime total 231340 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 390420 msec
cputime total 825620 msec
cputime total 35380 msec
cputime total 183170 msec
cputime total 199990 msec
cputime total 325840 msec
cputime total 900300 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 101300 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 25580 msec
cputime total 228510 msec
cputime total 46600 msec
cputime total 38490 msec
cputime total 100040 msec
cputime total 561510 msec
cputime total 900240 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 18160 msec
cputime total 483510 msec
cputime total 27230 msec
cputime total 54990 msec
cputime total 899660 msec
cputime total 900330 msec
cputime total 94510 msec
cputime total 900430 msec
cputime total 9670 msec
cputime total 486470 msec
cputime total 87560 msec
cputime total 108760 msec
cputime total 9440 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 150060 msec
cputime total 66950 msec
cputime total 899450 msec
cputime total 530660 msec
cputime total 495780 msec
cputime total 24000 msec
cputime total 899600 msec
cputime total 32210 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 898730 msec
cputime total 205270 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 165940 msec
cputime total 90610 msec
cputime total 17990 msec
cputime total 33630 msec
cputime total 31570 msec
cputime total 161610 msec
cputime total 899420 msec
cputime total 900690 msec
cputime total 18030 msec
cputime total 22500 msec
cputime total 184760 msec
cputime total 52970 msec
cputime total 158230 msec
cputime total 899620 msec
cputime total 18280 msec
cputime total 124070 msec
cputime total 33070 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 740560 msec
cputime total 88810 msec
cputime total 162940 msec
cputime total 496240 msec
cputime total 255660 msec
cputime total 50950 msec
cputime total 900350 msec
cputime total 25800 msec
cputime total 9080 msec
cputime total 47310 msec
cputime total 42320 msec
cputime total 52150 msec
cputime total 232670 msec
cputime total 8150 msec
cputime total 19580 msec
cputime total 284420 msec
cputime total 465970 msec
cputime total 407290 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 75410 msec
cputime total 19520 msec
cputime total 900480 msec
cputime total 53280 msec
cputime total 137010 msec
cputime total 36920 msec
cputime total 24280 msec
cputime total 63460 msec
cputime total 207020 msec
cputime total 46290 msec
cputime total 899200 msec
cputime total 80470 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 302190 msec
cputime total 573360 msec
cputime total 19030 msec
cputime total 99410 msec
cputime total 10700 msec
cputime total 20830 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 24400 msec
cputime total 63370 msec
cputime total 68270 msec
cputime total 295570 msec
cputime total 124080 msec
cputime total 24380 msec
cputime total 215040 msec
cputime total 93240 msec
cputime total 19100 msec
cputime total 127070 msec
cputime total 900240 msec
cputime total 22670 msec
cputime total 43200 msec
cputime total 900330 msec
cputime total 7930 msec
cputime total 162550 msec
cputime total 890290 msec
cputime total 900250 msec
cputime total 154140 msec
cputime total 47170 msec
cputime total 11740 msec
cputime total 21570 msec
cputime total 460600 msec
cputime total 818360 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 18970 msec
cputime total 253150 msec
cputime total 15200 msec
cputime total 76580 msec
cputime total 148350 msec
cputime total 238960 msec
cputime total 10440 msec
cputime total 899990 msec
cputime total 18710 msec
cputime total 201600 msec
cputime total 878580 msec
cputime total 900400 msec
cputime total 73970 msec
cputime total 214130 msec
cputime total 12150 msec
cputime total 8250 msec
cputime total 409660 msec
cputime total 900120 msec
cputime total 362150 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 58990 msec
cputime total 31340 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 17140 msec
cputime total 71170 msec
cputime total 212610 msec
cputime total 77410 msec
cputime total 900230 msec
cputime total 237630 msec
cputime total 47430 msec
cputime total 638150 msec
cputime total 68300 msec
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.2.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.5.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.8.s.1|1|3|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.10.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.13.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.18.s.1|2|4|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.3.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.14.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.3.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.1|2|6|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.24.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.1|2|2|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.16.s.1|2|2|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.1|2|2|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.6|2|2|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.5.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.2.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.7.s.1|2|2|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.1.s.1|2|2|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.4.s.1|2|3|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.6|3|2|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.17.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.5|3|3|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.8|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.10.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.1|3|2|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.2|3|6|70|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.8.s.1|3|6|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.2|3|2|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.8|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.1|3|3|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.18.s.1|3|4|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.1.s.1|3|3|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.16.s.1|3|4|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.3|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.1|3|3|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.16.s.3|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.9.s.1|3|4|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.1.s.1|3|3|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.1.s.1|3|3|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.1|3|2|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.6.s.1|3|3|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.2.s.1|3|6|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.1|3|6|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.7.s.1|3|4|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.1|4|2|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.2.s.1|4|12|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.1|4|2|70|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.2.s.1|4|12|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.8.s.1|4|33|340|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.11.s.1|4|33|340|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.1|4|2|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.7|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.3|4|4|210|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.5|4|13|100|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.2|4|3|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.4|4|3|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.5|4|11|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.6|4|2|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.1|5|2|210|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.2.s.1|5|12|230|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.5|5|45|560|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.7.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.4|5|3|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.16.s.1|5|4|210|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.16.s.1|5|3|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.9|5|13|200|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.10|5|8|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.3|5|2|60|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.4|5|3|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.2|5|2|60|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.3|5|2|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.6|5|18|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.5|5|6|670|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.6|5|11|470|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.2|5|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.1|5|3|200|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.4|5|3|80|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.8.s.1|5|80|910|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.6|5|2|130|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.2|5|9|230|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.2|5|2|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.12.s.1|5|6|160|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.2|5|2|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.3|5|3|80|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.9|5|2|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.4|5|6|180|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.11.s.2|5|5|310|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.1|5|2|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.6|5|7|190|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.8.s.1|5|16|220|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.5|5|4|360|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.6|5|8|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.4|5|8|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.12.s.1|5|2|30|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.4|5|4|70|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.4|5|3|240|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.10.s.1|5|4|210|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.10.s.1|5|7|220|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.3|6|5|200|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.7|6|4|220|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.2|6|4|90|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.3|6|4|190|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.5|6|2|180|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.6|6|4|270|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.3|6|2|340|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.2|6|4|130|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.5|6|10|620|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.1|6|4|90|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.1|6|4|100|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.3|6|7|230|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.7.s.1|6|3|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.7.s.1|6|4|50|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.3|6|4|180|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.5|6|6|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.2|6|2|160|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.11.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.5|6|15|310|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.2|6|10|520|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.8.s.1|6|12|170|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.4|6|7|410|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.1|6|45|350|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.2|6|4|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.1|6|27|450|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.3|6|14|310|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.2|6|10|130|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.3|6|3|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.4|6|8|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.6|6|9|220|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.1|6|2|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.2.s.2|6|6|180|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.3|6|2|80|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.7|6|2|240|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.2|6|2|180|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.2|6|2|250|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.7.s.2|6|8|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.2|6|2|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.4|6|7|130|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.5|6|7|190|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.9.s.3|6|17|360|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.4|7|15|440|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.7|7|26|560|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.6|7|9|240|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.4|7|7|210|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.1.s.2|7|4|160|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.4|7|4|250|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.4|7|16|360|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.2|7|10|1380|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.3|7|6|420|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.6|7|13|380|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.3|7|4|660|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.1|7|6|330|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.11|7|21|860|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.2|7|6|440|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.4|7|26|350|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.1|7|49|870|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.3|7|10|350|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.2|7|4|340|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.11|7|43|2600|alpino_lc|1197
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.3|7|20|370|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.2|7|4|170|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.3|7|2|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.5.s.1|7|4|230|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.5.s.1|7|2|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.6|7|2|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.3|7|4|170|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.4|7|20|320|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.1|7|3|150|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.7|7|6|160|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.4|7|22|890|alpino_lc|531
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.3|7|24|450|alpino_lc|390
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.4|7|10|220|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.5|7|2|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.4|7|5|300|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.3|7|27|490|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.2|7|11|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.2|7|2|180|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.3|7|2|320|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.3.s.2|7|4|210|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.5.s.1|7|16|320|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.3|7|32|600|alpino_lc|318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.3|7|19|940|alpino_lc|443
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.4|7|6|150|alpino_lc|39
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.2|7|74|780|alpino_lc|320
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.1|7|3|220|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.5|7|4|530|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.4|7|4|170|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.3|7|6|230|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.1|7|3|690|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.3|7|9|270|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.4|7|2|210|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.3.s.2|7|2|320|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.3|7|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.3|7|6|290|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.8|7|71|850|alpino_lc|334
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.4|7|2|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.8|7|3|320|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.3|7|21|490|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.1|8|10|150|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.2|8|2|170|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.2|8|17|1060|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.6|8|28|1310|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.2|8|5|410|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.4|8|35|2040|alpino_lc|729
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.4|8|11|310|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.3|8|14|390|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.2|8|9|170|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.5.s.1|8|8|120|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.3|8|2|170|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.1|8|16|300|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.3|8|108|790|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.1|8|28|390|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.3|8|22|460|alpino_lc|312
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.5|8|21|640|alpino_lc|189
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.1|8|23|710|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.1|8|4|470|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.5|8|40|530|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.2.s.2|8|1|340|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.3|8|30|830|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.5|8|5|250|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.5|8|15|220|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.6|8|49|420|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.2|8|7|190|alpino_lc|261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.15|8|5|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.4|8|34|580|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.4|8|14|320|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.1|8|38|700|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.4|8|1|230|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.4|8|166|1330|alpino_lc|676
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.7.s.1|8|30|890|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.6|8|30|2910|alpino_lc|982
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.3|8|28|430|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.5|8|2|210|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.4|8|11|1410|alpino_lc|1705
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.2|8|21|1410|alpino_lc|647
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.2|8|8|290|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.2|8|29|610|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.14.s.2|8|67|370|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.6|8|2|190|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.1|8|4|450|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.7|8|37|1540|alpino_lc|421
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.4|8|36|1260|alpino_lc|983
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.10.s.1|8|6|950|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.13.s.1|8|35|1620|alpino_lc|954
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.4|8|59|1130|alpino_lc|281
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.3|8|2|350|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.5|8|3|140|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.4|8|5|340|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.4|8|14|600|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.3|8|8|560|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.3|8|6|210|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.1|8|19|410|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.3|8|15|830|alpino_lc|312
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.8|8|69|2350|alpino_lc|2026
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.9|8|20|1390|alpino_lc|546
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.3|8|7|180|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.2|8|4|350|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.3.s.3|8|7|350|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.5|8|6|160|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.1|8|8|750|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.2|8|2|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.7|8|233|1220|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.2.2|8|43|410|alpino_lc|157
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.1|8|18|330|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.5|8|134|1230|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.7|8|6|900|alpino_lc|406
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.4|8|71|1540|alpino_lc|651
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.4|8|53|540|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.6|8|17|450|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.3|8|48|230|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.7|8|16|820|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.4|8|9|480|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.5|8|66|1340|alpino_lc|341
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.5.s.2|8|15|370|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.3|8|38|980|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.3|8|12|190|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.5|8|2|370|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.6|8|213|5360|alpino_lc|1123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.4|8|12|680|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.3|8|6|210|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.6|8|2|140|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.3|8|53|1150|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.3|8|53|1100|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.3|8|53|1210|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.7|9|15|580|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.3|9|20|550|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.4|9|2|250|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.2|9|51|1620|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.1|9|11|310|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.6.s.1|9|26|500|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.7.s.1|9|4|370|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.8.s.1|9|19|880|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.9.s.1|9|12|460|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.4|9|4|1630|alpino_lc|505
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.5|9|12|300|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.6|9|28|810|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.4|9|62|1100|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.2|9|17|540|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.3|9|11|380|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.10.s.2|9|24|1390|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.4|9|16|270|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.10|9|46|1220|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.3|9|11|450|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.8.s.3|9|14|500|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.8|9|18|790|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.4|9|6|330|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.5|9|43|740|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.2|9|14|1940|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.2|9|37|630|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.4|9|14|220|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.3|9|58|2000|alpino_lc|711
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.3|9|8|250|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.4|9|45|780|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.7|9|6|180|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.7|9|24|360|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.2.s.2|9|6|260|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.5|9|22|610|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.2|9|9|420|alpino_lc|305
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.3|9|12|820|alpino_lc|835
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.2|9|10|200|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.2|9|4|440|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.3|9|35|1280|alpino_lc|1016
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.1|9|4|800|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.3|9|26|630|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.3|9|12|400|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.1|9|29|2380|alpino_lc|1344
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.2|9|24|510|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.1|9|21|170|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.5|9|12|380|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.6|9|18|980|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.1|9|12|370|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.2|9|34|1570|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.3|9|54|280|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.3|9|25|1230|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.4|9|12|400|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.1|9|22|470|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.2|9|14|580|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.6|9|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.3|9|14|560|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.2.s.2|9|92|870|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.3|9|16|460|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.4|9|10|490|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.2|9|8|400|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.3|9|107|1000|alpino_lc|642
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.3|9|16|860|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.9|9|3|420|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.2|9|36|820|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.5|9|28|620|alpino_lc|239
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.6.s.1|9|4|510|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.6.s.1|9|86|1970|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.3|9|6|270|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.5.s.3|9|16|5880|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.3|9|32|960|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.4.s.1|9|8|170|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.1|9|117|1010|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.2|9|7|230|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.5|9|2|400|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.1|9|50|800|alpino_lc|369
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.1|9|3|270|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.3|9|14|2080|alpino_lc|1327
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.6|9|3|200|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.1|9|80|910|alpino_lc|465
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.1|9|14|1270|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.5|9|58|1700|alpino_lc|653
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.3|9|18|3390|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.4|9|395|4630|alpino_lc|665
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.4|9|16|260|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.5|9|144|2170|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.1|9|26|640|alpino_lc|374
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.3|9|53|1170|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.3|9|5|310|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.3|9|5|410|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.2|9|8|920|alpino_lc|608
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.5|9|14|430|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.6|9|184|1120|alpino_lc|383
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.3.s.1|9|23|1210|alpino_lc|660
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.4.s.1|9|58|1630|alpino_lc|1189
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.2|9|18|1030|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.5|9|52|580|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.2|9|7|420|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.3|9|9|250|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.1.s.2|9|5|210|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.2|9|13|220|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.4|9|556|43770|alpino_lc|3439
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.6|9|4|230|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.3|9|28|660|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.2|9|4|140|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.4|9|4|310|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.5|9|4|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.2|9|6|980|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.1|9|30|400|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.1|9|30|400|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.1|9|65|580|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.1|9|30|360|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.13.s.1|9|4|260|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.4|10|23|510|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.4|10|14|790|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.5|10|501|6840|alpino_lc|4165
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.2|10|356|28370|alpino_lc|6440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.3|10|14|330|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.4|10|34|800|alpino_lc|352
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.2|10|1|590|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.3|10|8|660|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.2|10|120|7320|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.4|10|10|1220|alpino_lc|444
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.4|10|16|800|alpino_lc|530
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.4|10|8|340|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.2|10|16|380|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.3|10|150|6230|alpino_lc|1401
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.2|10|6|370|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.13.s.1|10|359|6350|alpino_lc|2111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.3|10|8|280|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.2|10|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.2|10|6|1550|alpino_lc|347
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.3|10|6|420|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.4|10|99|2150|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.2|10|15|490|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.16.s.3|10|10|570|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.5|10|24|650|alpino_lc|438
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.4|10|12|540|alpino_lc|484
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.2|10|10|300|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.3|10|26|1490|alpino_lc|722
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.6|10|30|1200|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.7|10|10|1200|alpino_lc|683
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.8|10|32|1350|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.4|10|16|1860|alpino_lc|685
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.12.s.1|10|52|920|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.4|10|143|1460|alpino_lc|640
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.6|10|24|950|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.23.s.1|10|6|420|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.3|10|33|1350|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.4|10|14|580|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.5|10|14|1030|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.5|10|226|7760|alpino_lc|3189
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.4|10|18|680|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.4.s.1|10|34|730|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.2|10|126|3130|alpino_lc|632
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.2|10|54|3690|alpino_lc|925
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.4|10|7|390|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.2|10|4|470|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.3|10|6|330|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.5|10|9|320|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.17.s.1|10|22|400|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.4|10|46|2290|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.4|10|14|360|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.13.s.2|10|382|1380|alpino_lc|256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.14.s.1|10|29|1660|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.15.s.1|10|202|3970|alpino_lc|1482
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.3|10|35|2190|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.5.s.1|10|62|780|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.4|10|1072|9550|alpino_lc|4064
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.8|10|30|2020|alpino_lc|586
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.1|10|76|840|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.1.s.2|10|16|250|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.6.s.2|10|7|720|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.4|10|6|200|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.2|10|90|1440|alpino_lc|1144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.5|10|4|740|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.8.s.1|10|8|680|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.2.s.1|10|116|5790|alpino_lc|1481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.2|10|4|410|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.3|10|10|780|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.7|10|62|2230|alpino_lc|918
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000051.p.1.s.3|10|20|450|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.5|10|33|610|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.1|10|11|470|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.4|10|20|1120|alpino_lc|814
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.3|10|20|520|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.2.s.1|10|6|890|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.2|10|61|600|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.2|10|28|1250|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.17.s.1|10|16|330|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.5|10|38|2500|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.4|10|10|690|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.11|10|10|500|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.4|10|38|440|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.2|10|36|770|alpino_lc|574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.5|10|62|610|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.8|10|1|650|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.5|10|6|310|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.2|10|26|1630|alpino_lc|447
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.2|10|4|230|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.2|10|3|1190|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.9|10|12|980|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.1.s.3|10|12|570|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.1|10|6|870|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.2|10|165|1020|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.2|10|1|1570|alpino_lc|706
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.1|10|3|280|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.4|10|142|2310|alpino_lc|937
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.8|10|243|2380|alpino_lc|913
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.5|10|88|2030|alpino_lc|893
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.4|10|21|820|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.1|10|12|280|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.7.s.1|10|42|960|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.3|10|18|1310|alpino_lc|741
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.7|10|5|360|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.4|10|7|1880|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.2|10|18|560|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.4|10|6|170|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.2|10|42|760|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.2|10|10|320|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.1|10|6|270|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.2|10|19|250|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.2|10|41|500|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.2|10|74|590|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.2|11|6|2090|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.4|11|10|530|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.5|11|458|4470|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.3|11|33|14770|alpino_lc|2088
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.7|11|42|350|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.8|11|2|780|alpino_lc|308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.3|11|82|880|alpino_lc|381
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.3|11|4|710|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.4|11|3|450|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.3|11|27|850|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.4|11|36|530|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.2|11|54|1030|alpino_lc|621
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.3|11|6|580|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.2|11|320|6030|alpino_lc|2098
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.3|11|52|1690|alpino_lc|715
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.5|11|30|1400|alpino_lc|564
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.4|11|152|1920|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.2|11|41|1470|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.5.s.2|11|56|2130|alpino_lc|1494
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.3|11|30|950|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.2|11|1138|15960|alpino_lc|3854
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.5|11|180|2940|alpino_lc|2481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.1|11|8|720|alpino_lc|825
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.3|11|102|1700|alpino_lc|844
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.5|11|23|970|alpino_lc|629
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.3|11|26|1060|alpino_lc|949
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.5.s.2|11|223|5640|alpino_lc|2095
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.6|11|1042|18880|alpino_lc|3184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.2|11|25|1750|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.3|11|27|1170|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.6|11|6|560|alpino_lc|242
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.4|11|4|550|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.1|11|20|640|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.1|11|5|250|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.4|11|58|1140|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.4|11|46|2270|alpino_lc|949
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.5|11|15|1480|alpino_lc|804
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.2|11|5|320|alpino_lc|137
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.13|11|114|19750|alpino_lc|1432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.2|11|34|590|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.6|11|4|1090|alpino_lc|420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.3|11|12|1650|alpino_lc|653
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.12.s.1|11|92|990|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.7|11|56|1300|alpino_lc|2358
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.4.s.2|11|2|800|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.6|11|84|3280|alpino_lc|649
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.2.s.2|11|68|2870|alpino_lc|625
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.1|11|68|2290|alpino_lc|2777
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.4|11|30|270|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.4|11|4|320|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.4.s.3|11|40|1360|alpino_lc|509
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.2|11|5|370|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.5|11|34|1630|alpino_lc|1733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.5|11|12|780|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.7|11|6|370|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.2|11|16|1160|alpino_lc|456
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.4|11|12|1840|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.1|11|9|760|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.4|11|13|480|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.3|11|3|230|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.4.s.2|11|16|290|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.3|11|2|490|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.3|11|62|1010|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.5|11|763|11630|alpino_lc|4420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.2|11|358|6670|alpino_lc|2730
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.2.s.3|11|126|5350|alpino_lc|2377
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.1|11|38|610|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.3|11|172|2750|alpino_lc|533
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.1|11|280|2410|alpino_lc|1645
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.3|11|66|2400|alpino_lc|1000
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.4|11|1308|68500|alpino_lc|7189
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.4|11|12|1740|alpino_lc|622
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.4|11|33|1480|alpino_lc|616
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.3|11|24|690|alpino_lc|370
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.4|11|65|3230|alpino_lc|900
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.1|11|8|290|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.7.s.1|11|50|1510|alpino_lc|815
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.4|11|173|3780|alpino_lc|1200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.10|11|38|620|alpino_lc|507
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.3.s.2|11|36|3130|alpino_lc|1031
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.4|11|28|650|alpino_lc|311
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.1|11|48|1380|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.3|11|5|3490|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.1|11|48|1760|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.2|11|139|3230|alpino_lc|1566
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.3|11|44|3460|alpino_lc|1198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.4|11|15|850|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.3|11|2|160|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.2|11|24|480|alpino_lc|261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.7|11|93|3530|alpino_lc|1815
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.2|11|80|1320|alpino_lc|407
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.9.s.3|11|24|1170|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.4|11|8|620|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.1|11|1196|14630|alpino_lc|5137
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.2|11|120|2310|alpino_lc|1253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.10.s.2|11|63|3970|alpino_lc|634
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.4|11|15|390|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.4|11|228|3510|alpino_lc|1399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.1|11|25|1260|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.3|11|3|890|alpino_lc|322
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.3|11|35|1800|alpino_lc|884
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.15.s.1|11|622|7290|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.3|11|27|2960|alpino_lc|1694
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.4|11|2|90|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.1.s.3|11|116|3150|alpino_lc|758
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.7|11|9|540|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.5|11|72|2760|alpino_lc|1225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.3|11|2|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.4|11|40|790|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.9.s.1|11|2|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.2|12|92|970|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.4|12|64|1690|alpino_lc|896
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.6|12|53|5160|alpino_lc|2008
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.5|12|1203|6780|alpino_lc|1973
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.13.s.2|12|7|700|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.5|12|343|9220|alpino_lc|7942
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.3|12|34|2480|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.2|12|15|1400|alpino_lc|496
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.2|12|24|1570|alpino_lc|630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.1|12|25|510|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.7.s.2|12|18|700|alpino_lc|474
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.5|12|37|2300|alpino_lc|2146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.1|12|42|720|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.3|12|69|3470|alpino_lc|938
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.5|12|15|280|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.2|12|110|1970|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.4|12|11|2060|alpino_lc|1030
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.2|12|22|500|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.3|12|106|1880|alpino_lc|1077
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.2|12|96|1730|alpino_lc|1315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.3|12|225|2230|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.4|12|29|700|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.7|12|10|730|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.1.s.1|12|36|490|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.5|12|253|8600|alpino_lc|880
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.5.s.1|12|6|470|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.2|12|74|1320|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.9.s.1|12|124|4510|alpino_lc|1262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.16.s.2|12|306|30830|alpino_lc|4401
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.2|12|6|1510|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.3|12|183|5250|alpino_lc|3695
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.5|12|2|420|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.2|12|43|1490|alpino_lc|1155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.9|12|96|5340|alpino_lc|815
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.3|12|224|4630|alpino_lc|2539
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.4|12|154|3370|alpino_lc|1217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.1|12|508|2540|alpino_lc|953
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.1|12|49|2110|alpino_lc|842
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.4|12|168|2470|alpino_lc|671
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.6|12|8|420|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.3|12|17|1120|alpino_lc|401
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.2|12|2|950|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.6|12|5|460|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.2|12|9|230|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.3|12|120|7620|alpino_lc|1310
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.3|12|6|530|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.1.s.2|12|140|1990|alpino_lc|405
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.6|12|469|4380|alpino_lc|655
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.4|12|29|4250|alpino_lc|797
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.2|12|10|2200|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.6|12|137|1070|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.1|12|80|10270|alpino_lc|1647
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.2|12|56|840|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.4.s.2|12|54|9770|alpino_lc|992
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.5|12|2|420|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.4|12|256|3080|alpino_lc|964
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.4|12|442|5540|alpino_lc|3853
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.4|12|104|1520|alpino_lc|580
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.5|12|81|960|alpino_lc|602
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.3|12|56|5230|alpino_lc|2202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.3|12|130|1630|alpino_lc|587
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.4|12|20|360|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.2|12|45|3200|alpino_lc|1138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.3|12|13|700|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.4|12|25|1930|alpino_lc|2786
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.3|12|364|15900|alpino_lc|2520
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.13.s.3|12|24|370|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.3|12|36|950|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.2|12|2|270|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.3|12|20|430|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.6|12|11|1470|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.1|12|3|440|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.1|12|12|220|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.1|12|4|600|alpino_lc|233
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.2|12|60|1680|alpino_lc|669
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.15.s.1|12|892|9690|alpino_lc|3497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.1.s.2|12|38|1540|alpino_lc|1092
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.1|12|176|6910|alpino_lc|2295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.4|12|1005|7840|alpino_lc|1091
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.2|12|7|210|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.1|12|42|1360|alpino_lc|236
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.2|12|4|1050|alpino_lc|654
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.1|12|11|3660|alpino_lc|412
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.2|12|28|1710|alpino_lc|318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.2|12|70|1400|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.4|12|92|2680|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.3|12|27|710|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.3|12|584|49710|alpino_lc|3440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.4|12|2550|20520|alpino_lc|2696
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.3|12|60|3240|alpino_lc|1196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.2|12|10|1540|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.3|12|7|1930|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.6|12|444|13230|alpino_lc|3335
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.3|12|38|1240|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.4|12|178|11840|alpino_lc|1013
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.4|12|13|2500|alpino_lc|1051
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.6|12|8|810|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.3|12|48|2090|alpino_lc|1103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.5.s.2|12|48|2750|alpino_lc|1212
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.3|12|58|2040|alpino_lc|962
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.2|12|78|4170|alpino_lc|1055
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.3|12|6|960|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.9|12|14|7940|alpino_lc|13964
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.2|12|35|1610|alpino_lc|764
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.2|12|12|700|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.7|12|26|400|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.8|12|79|2630|alpino_lc|2026
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.2|12|15|300|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.5|12|20|2540|alpino_lc|1059
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.3|12|8|810|alpino_lc|515
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.5.s.1|12|16|2790|alpino_lc|1156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.3|12|28|1760|alpino_lc|602
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.2.s.1|12|7|540|alpino_lc|371
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.2|12|24|980|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.1.s.3|12|26|1380|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.3|12|26|920|alpino_lc|742
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.1|12|162|1980|alpino_lc|1064
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.3|12|9|310|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.6|12|198|3170|alpino_lc|1866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.2|12|218|14170|alpino_lc|1104
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.4|12|5|3130|alpino_lc|825
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.1|12|20|230|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.3.s.1|12|162|4340|alpino_lc|1721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.3|12|244|3310|alpino_lc|1436
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.2.s.1|12|595|5520|alpino_lc|408
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.3|12|20|1010|alpino_lc|452
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.1|12|48|800|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.2|12|141|960|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.5|13|4|1170|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.4|13|61|1050|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.3|13|2|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.4|13|412|4590|alpino_lc|2069
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.1|13|46|1260|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.2|13|340|2770|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.5|13|2|3010|alpino_lc|772
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.3|13|217|2730|alpino_lc|1061
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.3|13|24|840|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.4|13|1230|5070|alpino_lc|1590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.1|13|868|22080|alpino_lc|1488
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.3.s.1|13|50|1400|alpino_lc|833
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.4|13|1|2060|alpino_lc|1202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.4|13|436|6650|alpino_lc|4212
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.5|13|36|1450|alpino_lc|1287
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.5|13|232|11470|alpino_lc|5679
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.6|13|318|5900|alpino_lc|3599
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.3|13|1166|17480|alpino_lc|6945
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.2|13|86|10560|alpino_lc|2184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.4|13|688|5690|alpino_lc|1332
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.3|13|106|2210|alpino_lc|1268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.2|13|152|5230|alpino_lc|1235
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.5|13|16|310|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.1|13|56|2780|alpino_lc|959
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.3|13|114|1700|alpino_lc|555
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.4|13|40|810|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.6|13|545|5720|alpino_lc|1638
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.4|13|59|1300|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.7|13|97|1760|alpino_lc|934
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.6|13|1356|15640|alpino_lc|1169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.3|13|196|2310|alpino_lc|1732
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.10.s.1|13|738|12510|alpino_lc|3761
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.13.s.2|13|30|870|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.8|13|350|4990|alpino_lc|1700
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.2|13|1856|8800|alpino_lc|1777
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.3|13|198|4470|alpino_lc|2639
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.3|13|54|31370|alpino_lc|1153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.5|13|76|1740|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.4.s.3|13|302|4140|alpino_lc|1992
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.2|13|15|420|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.5|13|185|5590|alpino_lc|4452
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.1|13|84|810|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.2|13|87|3360|alpino_lc|1801
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.3|13|16|1050|alpino_lc|509
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.5|13|14|780|alpino_lc|233
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.1|13|60|830|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.4|13|15|1700|alpino_lc|1110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.2|13|8|330|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.1|13|307|2480|alpino_lc|1128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.1|13|286|6930|alpino_lc|4111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.7|13|60|1060|alpino_lc|301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.4|13|12|1620|alpino_lc|888
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.5|13|39|880|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.5|13|8|540|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.3|13|104|13620|alpino_lc|4160
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.1|13|294|3700|alpino_lc|1495
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.1|13|200|4450|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.2.s.1|13|42|760|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.1|13|7|540|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.14.s.1|13|204|2290|alpino_lc|630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.5|13|215|10880|alpino_lc|1810
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.7|13|8|2530|alpino_lc|1593
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.3|13|48|1460|alpino_lc|458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.6|13|86|2730|alpino_lc|876
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.2|13|4|330|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.4|13|651|19190|alpino_lc|1468
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.2.s.2|13|594|4970|alpino_lc|2874
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.4|13|40|1610|alpino_lc|1131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.6.s.1|13|246|11030|alpino_lc|3446
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.2|13|807|4690|alpino_lc|2452
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.2|13|75|3540|alpino_lc|869
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.5|13|60|1810|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.5|13|72|1640|alpino_lc|615
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.4|13|96|4600|alpino_lc|870
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.3|13|378|3920|alpino_lc|722
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.1|13|86|2970|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.4|13|43|3640|alpino_lc|3988
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.2|13|90|6010|alpino_lc|1422
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.1|13|9|890|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.5|13|310|19370|alpino_lc|2358
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.5|13|4|3520|alpino_lc|1638
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.2.s.1|13|443|14500|alpino_lc|2618
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.4|13|5|910|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.1|13|84|2130|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.6|13|224|2540|alpino_lc|1116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.3|13|112|4480|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.1|13|455|5980|alpino_lc|1866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.5|13|1133|107930|alpino_lc|5982
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.1|13|314|10360|alpino_lc|1412
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.8|13|24|1870|alpino_lc|1044
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.2|13|1070|7190|alpino_lc|1640
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.6|13|240|7620|alpino_lc|1485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.1|13|36|3110|alpino_lc|2513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.7.s.1|13|266|3260|alpino_lc|1025
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.1.s.2|13|41|2810|alpino_lc|732
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.5|13|428|2770|alpino_lc|963
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.4|13|45|2260|alpino_lc|983
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.3|13|492|13360|alpino_lc|5258
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.2|13|8|9280|alpino_lc|5026
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.1|13|352|10570|alpino_lc|3354
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.2|13|52|2270|alpino_lc|1443
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.3|13|28|560|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.5.s.1|13|396|1920|alpino_lc|943
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.2.s.1|13|8|380|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.2|13|20|3310|alpino_lc|605
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.3|13|8|720|alpino_lc|310
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.3|13|36|970|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.6|13|3|1640|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.3|13|15|4680|alpino_lc|893
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.5|13|178|7680|alpino_lc|1740
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.5|13|33|1050|alpino_lc|553
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.2.s.2|13|21903|566320|alpino_lc|81171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.1|13|352|4290|alpino_lc|1461
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.6.s.2|13|21|4140|alpino_lc|1950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.6|13|12|990|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.3|13|9|620|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.5|14|47|2500|alpino_lc|1171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.5|14|941|21710|alpino_lc|8840
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.5|14|90|2390|alpino_lc|820
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.1|14|26|580|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.3|14|14|2070|alpino_lc|464
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.8.s.1|14|62|2220|alpino_lc|1233
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.6|14|214|2710|alpino_lc|1710
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.4|14|519|4300|alpino_lc|1170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.3|14|364|9470|alpino_lc|1669
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.1|14|494|7810|alpino_lc|4275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.2|14|188|6270|alpino_lc|3395
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.4|14|74|1160|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.3.s.2|14|408|5500|alpino_lc|2626
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.11.s.2|14|66|2050|alpino_lc|837
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.1|14|34|2050|alpino_lc|853
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.4|14|20|1720|alpino_lc|901
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.3|14|10|2020|alpino_lc|968
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.1|14|16324|72470|alpino_lc|3128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.3|14|34|2340|alpino_lc|1040
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.4|14|3|4500|alpino_lc|1510
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.1|14|18|6250|alpino_lc|3410
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.4|14|3260|14030|alpino_lc|1518
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.1|14|6370|63500|alpino_lc|9171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.5|14|213|3940|alpino_lc|1781
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.6|14|166|1640|alpino_lc|622
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.1|14|154|1870|alpino_lc|1167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.3|14|90|1550|alpino_lc|882
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.3|14|2330|57580|alpino_lc|6319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.1|14|45|2920|alpino_lc|1007
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.2|14|12|1700|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.1|14|288|7380|alpino_lc|1995
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.4|14|448|26690|alpino_lc|1556
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.3|14|16|1360|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.1|14|137|1470|alpino_lc|528
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.2|14|24|760|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.7|14|222|4140|alpino_lc|1179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.1|14|1578|40310|alpino_lc|16986
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.3|14|16|380|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.2|14|17|690|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.2.s.1|14|24|1640|alpino_lc|1176
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.4.s.3|14|60|6210|alpino_lc|1593
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.1|14|84|1240|alpino_lc|343
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.1|14|4|300|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.2.s.2|14|274|4280|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.3|14|4|620|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.4|14|284|2470|alpino_lc|1439
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.4|14|193|6320|alpino_lc|4591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.1|14|472|11310|alpino_lc|6173
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.6|14|299|4210|alpino_lc|1589
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.3|14|2601|92370|alpino_lc|36137
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.2|14|142|1890|alpino_lc|766
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.1|14|201|2020|alpino_lc|720
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.1|14|19|17790|alpino_lc|9651
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.1|14|988|34070|alpino_lc|10919
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.1|14|144|1130|alpino_lc|492
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.3.s.1|14|41|1920|alpino_lc|500
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.3|14|119|5010|alpino_lc|1488
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.3|14|80|5650|alpino_lc|1002
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.2|14|21|3560|alpino_lc|1412
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.2|14|347|8490|alpino_lc|4003
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.5|14|182|2200|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.3|14|994|11110|alpino_lc|1619
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.12.s.1|14|64|1000|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.2|14|204|6820|alpino_lc|1026
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.1|14|132|2290|alpino_lc|1471
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.1|14|10|450|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.5|14|9|2320|alpino_lc|679
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.2|14|59|5410|alpino_lc|952
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.5|14|392|4730|alpino_lc|2663
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.2|14|78|1680|alpino_lc|308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.2|14|42|690|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.2|14|241|2970|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.7.s.1|14|4|2900|alpino_lc|455
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.3|14|52|1540|alpino_lc|1020
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.2|14|10|1720|alpino_lc|393
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.9.s.2|14|13|1910|alpino_lc|693
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.2|14|75|8040|alpino_lc|1245
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.6|14|200|3290|alpino_lc|651
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.6|14|318|9030|alpino_lc|6544
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.6|14|38|1070|alpino_lc|1022
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.1|14|76|1150|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.1|14|58|2450|alpino_lc|984
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.5|14|2014|335350|alpino_lc|11823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.7|14|144|2820|alpino_lc|2280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.3|14|30|750|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.4|14|300|1700|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.3|14|174|6520|alpino_lc|2332
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.1|14|159|8890|alpino_lc|2767
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.4|14|878|10540|alpino_lc|1190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.1|14|1919|29150|alpino_lc|2306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.2|14|499|22320|alpino_lc|6855
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.3|14|41|2040|alpino_lc|858
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.2|14|204|4780|alpino_lc|3809
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.1|14|773|7020|alpino_lc|2041
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.3|14|3637|118100|alpino_lc|56986
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.3.s.2|14|24|1930|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.2|14|96|3650|alpino_lc|3193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.4|14|664|12550|alpino_lc|1332
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.2|14|112|3640|alpino_lc|1574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.4|14|6955|57000|alpino_lc|16497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.7|14|26|770|alpino_lc|703
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.4|14|27|2010|alpino_lc|1265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.4|14|446|32290|alpino_lc|2777
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.3|14|2707|47820|alpino_lc|5185
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.8|14|465|15580|alpino_lc|5723
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.3|14|8|1000|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.4|14|426|4220|alpino_lc|617
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.2|14|717|11310|alpino_lc|7817
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.4|14|140|3210|alpino_lc|648
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.4|14|208|10460|alpino_lc|1095
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.2|14|52|2690|alpino_lc|1112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.6|15|56|3070|alpino_lc|1534
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.1|15|1101|31680|alpino_lc|2173
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.3|15|24|10530|alpino_lc|2480
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.2|15|436|19600|alpino_lc|4209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.2|15|1020|55280|alpino_lc|3361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.1|15|224|2200|alpino_lc|906
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.6.s.2|15|79|4260|alpino_lc|4599
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.4|15|195|18670|alpino_lc|4913
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.2.s.2|15|6|350|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.2|15|1914|7900|alpino_lc|1092
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.4|15|12126|42260|alpino_lc|2178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.2|15|11|1390|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.6|15|90|1440|alpino_lc|984
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.8.s.1|15|70|9160|alpino_lc|1008
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.3|15|66|1540|alpino_lc|739
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.2|15|226|24610|alpino_lc|14066
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.4|15|710|34300|alpino_lc|9657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.2|15|1492|70270|alpino_lc|9657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.9|15|738|13000|alpino_lc|2510
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.5.s.2|15|96|3650|alpino_lc|866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.3|15|7132|39030|alpino_lc|5306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.5.s.3|15|199|27950|alpino_lc|9317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.2|15|48|1270|alpino_lc|721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.6|15|224|22370|alpino_lc|3482
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.4|15|306|2210|alpino_lc|1329
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.3|15|255|4000|alpino_lc|1721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.7|15|138|2960|alpino_lc|648
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.12.s.2|15|752|6070|alpino_lc|1823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.2|15|1176|7970|alpino_lc|1477
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.2|15|192|1030|alpino_lc|594
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.3|15|128|4300|alpino_lc|2071
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.5|15|40|720|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.2|15|196|2050|alpino_lc|1141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.4|15|72|910|alpino_lc|566
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.3|15|1840|48450|alpino_lc|5868
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.3.s.2|15|1259|18330|alpino_lc|5213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.4.s.2|15|218|2660|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.2|15|112|1910|alpino_lc|986
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.4|15|1020|29890|alpino_lc|6290
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.13.s.1|15|8|810|alpino_lc|265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.3|15|81|1370|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.5|15|3|580|alpino_lc|451
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.4|15|104|3770|alpino_lc|1408
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.7|15|243|2270|alpino_lc|903
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.1|15|72|1210|alpino_lc|342
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.5|15|264|1450|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.1|15|104|1720|alpino_lc|1052
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.3|15|36|1880|alpino_lc|976
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.8|15|272|5960|alpino_lc|1617
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.5|15|1754|8160|alpino_lc|1305
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.1|15|800|12590|alpino_lc|1369
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.2.s.1|15|234|6240|alpino_lc|968
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.2|15|1364|10120|alpino_lc|3643
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.4|15|39|5050|alpino_lc|3815
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.5.s.1|15|69|2700|alpino_lc|575
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.2.s.3|15|101|48690|alpino_lc|8249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.1|15|418|3910|alpino_lc|2662
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.4|15|36|1900|alpino_lc|1561
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.1.s.1|15|660|6080|alpino_lc|1583
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.3|15|320|3070|alpino_lc|940
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.6|15|7974|457480|alpino_lc|6434
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.1|15|286|14620|alpino_lc|3728
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.3.2|15|78|2180|alpino_lc|1503
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.4|15|24|2110|alpino_lc|1547
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.11.s.1|15|1097|74600|alpino_lc|26528
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.2|15|339|5340|alpino_lc|2565
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.2|15|7290|66110|alpino_lc|5252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.1|15|30|1500|alpino_lc|1050
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.8.s.1|15|434|9580|alpino_lc|10085
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.3|15|1240|18030|alpino_lc|5037
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.12.s.2|15|5029|57570|alpino_lc|13673
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.16.s.1|15|32|630|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.17.s.2|15|54|1900|alpino_lc|1138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.4|15|2088|10940|alpino_lc|1661
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.3|15|2|1140|alpino_lc|778
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.6|15|2054|22870|alpino_lc|5273
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.7|15|28|2350|alpino_lc|2013
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.8|15|459|4120|alpino_lc|1584
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.4|15|15591|58020|alpino_lc|7527
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.9|15|18|2410|alpino_lc|1822
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.6|15|562|7270|alpino_lc|1472
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.3|15|802|8330|alpino_lc|1736
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.1|15|100|1930|alpino_lc|738
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.3|15|1047|20960|alpino_lc|4680
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.4.s.1|15|222|2730|alpino_lc|1106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.4|15|11|2000|alpino_lc|783
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.2|15|360|1720|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.8.s.1|15|1329|5570|alpino_lc|1385
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.1.s.2|15|471|2620|alpino_lc|797
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.4|15|22|1400|alpino_lc|645
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.5|15|604|81270|alpino_lc|13689
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.1.s.3|15|74|1960|alpino_lc|1018
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.3|15|42|890|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.2|15|227|11950|alpino_lc|1673
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.3|15|728|5420|alpino_lc|2218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.7|15|68|8550|alpino_lc|3331
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.8|15|248|8950|alpino_lc|3541
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.3|15|1972|22770|alpino_lc|6427
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.2.s.1|15|196|3400|alpino_lc|1362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.6|15|78|5130|alpino_lc|1913
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.3|15|1380|40230|alpino_lc|19476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.7|15|7|4740|alpino_lc|1015
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.7.s.1|15|180|6560|alpino_lc|3782
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.12.s.2|15|551|11560|alpino_lc|3345
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.1|15|976|35810|alpino_lc|25521
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.1|15|16|1680|alpino_lc|855
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.4|15|164|6970|alpino_lc|2105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.4|15|40|740|alpino_lc|941
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.1|15|138|11490|alpino_lc|3177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.3|15|72|3180|alpino_lc|994
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.4|15|121|1630|alpino_lc|713
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.7.s.2|15|64|16160|alpino_lc|1637
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.7.s.3|15|65|3110|alpino_lc|1355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.1.s.1|15|162|6270|alpino_lc|1476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.1|15|84|4240|alpino_lc|660
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.3|15|10|370|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.4|15|112|1280|alpino_lc|629
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.2|15|7261|530060|alpino_lc|34097
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.1|15|25|1040|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.6.s.2|15|60|1430|alpino_lc|466
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.3|16|265|9020|alpino_lc|2663
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.1|16|198|2510|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.6|16|78|4080|alpino_lc|1611
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.2|16|47|2620|alpino_lc|596
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.1|16|228|11390|alpino_lc|3318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.3|16|180|5000|alpino_lc|1157
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.5|16|165|5420|alpino_lc|1821
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.1|16|2025|9750|alpino_lc|3637
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.3|16|272|2330|alpino_lc|1115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.4|16|32|2850|alpino_lc|2229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.3|16|311|6850|alpino_lc|4577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.4|16|322|3030|alpino_lc|1573
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.1|16|156|4620|alpino_lc|2911
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.1|16|526|40560|alpino_lc|6586
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.2|16|20|1270|alpino_lc|1427
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.2|16|889|14080|alpino_lc|2875
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.2|16|222|5280|alpino_lc|574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.1|16|12216|50060|alpino_lc|4116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.3|16|14|600|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.5|16|61|4370|alpino_lc|2636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.2|16|6|1960|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.3.s.2|16|85|3370|alpino_lc|1090
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.4|16|2153|21220|alpino_lc|3707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.1|16|66|2630|alpino_lc|688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.4|16|727|9780|alpino_lc|1890
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.7|16|2364|16770|alpino_lc|6172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.4|16|11|1220|alpino_lc|631
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.4|16|3382|105220|alpino_lc|16760
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.1.s.2|16|33|1100|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.2.s.2|16|1726|28620|alpino_lc|9047
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.1|16|128|3430|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.5.s.1|16|2391|103490|alpino_lc|6643
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.7.s.1|16|181|2820|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.5|16|210|1170|alpino_lc|487
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.2|16|28|730|alpino_lc|480
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.1|16|112|3700|alpino_lc|2624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.3|16|906|23310|alpino_lc|5973
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.1|16|270|5620|alpino_lc|3091
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.5|16|3456|24560|alpino_lc|1979
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.3|16|204|2400|alpino_lc|1317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.4|16|2050|887430|alpino_lc|10951
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.1|16|4515|18290|alpino_lc|1202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.3.s.2|16|1005|9190|alpino_lc|2506
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.2|16|108|2510|alpino_lc|1422
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.1|16|1578|36720|alpino_lc|8211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.2|16|317|3500|alpino_lc|1441
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.5|16|224|5420|alpino_lc|1792
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.1|16|64|4350|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.4|16|30|2000|alpino_lc|1665
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.2|16|4728|28320|alpino_lc|7364
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.1.s.2|16|4212|21940|alpino_lc|4378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.3|16|1856|9660|alpino_lc|707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.5|16|13760|237040|alpino_lc|17786
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.3.s.2|16|4270|78740|alpino_lc|7288
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.5|16|9094|50870|alpino_lc|9618
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.5|16|350|4970|alpino_lc|1077
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.1|16|46|1600|alpino_lc|712
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.3|16|256|3680|alpino_lc|746
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.5|16|2626|14790|alpino_lc|2729
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.2|16|33|920|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.3|16|128|5480|alpino_lc|1872
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.1|16|4792|17510|alpino_lc|2199
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.1|16|56|5710|alpino_lc|2709
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.2|16|126|6700|alpino_lc|3994
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.2|16|1510|27970|alpino_lc|10945
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.3|16|32|1530|alpino_lc|1068
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.6.s.2|16|200|7720|alpino_lc|3642
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.1|16|4234|15880|alpino_lc|2543
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.1.s.1|16|90|4490|alpino_lc|3104
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.1|16|43|1290|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.4|16|502|81640|alpino_lc|35733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.6|16|826|8960|alpino_lc|3933
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.2|16|18|2420|alpino_lc|2153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.7.s.3|16|108|5180|alpino_lc|1747
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.2|16|7286|50750|alpino_lc|22256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.12.s.1|16|6500|34800|alpino_lc|9509
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.2|16|132|2370|alpino_lc|829
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.3|16|548|10040|alpino_lc|4380
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.2.s.2|16|55|2430|alpino_lc|721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.3|16|952|16440|alpino_lc|3167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.3|16|3|4730|alpino_lc|2386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.4|16|925|62070|alpino_lc|5715
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.2|16|200|40880|alpino_lc|7530
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.1|16|534|10880|alpino_lc|1095
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.3|16|90|1470|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.4|16|36|2970|alpino_lc|906
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.2|16|56|4560|alpino_lc|2912
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.8|16|171|34670|alpino_lc|5301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.1|16|6731|73990|alpino_lc|37596
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.2.s.2|16|45|6920|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.4|16|164|4770|alpino_lc|488
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.2|16|1128|5940|alpino_lc|2065
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.1|16|5|1800|alpino_lc|674
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.2|16|474|5450|alpino_lc|2687
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.4|16|147|12730|alpino_lc|4530
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.4|16|48|910|alpino_lc|319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.2|16|272|9280|alpino_lc|1579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.7|16|429|9100|alpino_lc|849
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.1|16|110|1200|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.6|16|347|5200|alpino_lc|3363
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.1|16|298|5340|alpino_lc|1476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.9.s.2|16|209|18610|alpino_lc|5852
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.4|16|314|3170|alpino_lc|585
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.5|16|113|6620|alpino_lc|1774
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.2|16|867|4690|alpino_lc|1458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.1|16|6|280|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.2.s.2|16|9|870|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.3|16|59|9890|alpino_lc|882
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.5.s.2|16|230|3660|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.5.s.3|16|8|1210|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.5|16|1444|8770|alpino_lc|2142
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.3|16|40|1480|alpino_lc|727
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.3|16|80|1120|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.2|16|12354|129030|alpino_lc|9154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.1|16|6543|169140|alpino_lc|24307
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.4.s.1|16|674|3330|alpino_lc|419
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.5.s.2|16|8878|51460|alpino_lc|8381
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.3|16|68|9350|alpino_lc|2694
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.4|16|21|1210|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.3|16|284|6390|alpino_lc|1678
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.1.s.2|16|80|1770|alpino_lc|723
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.2.s.4|16|54|2460|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.1|16|988|11950|alpino_lc|13145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.5|16|1816|38860|alpino_lc|6818
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.1|17|682|5600|alpino_lc|3332
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.7|17|13760|126670|alpino_lc|49862
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.5|17|1547|6500|alpino_lc|1636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.3|17|165|17390|alpino_lc|5378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.3|17|1188|19820|alpino_lc|10034
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.3|17|37|760|alpino_lc|448
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.1|17|2816|19730|alpino_lc|3581
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.1|17|639|25620|alpino_lc|3991
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.4|17|924|4710|alpino_lc|2243
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.2|17|4068|30010|alpino_lc|7666
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.6|17|380|9060|alpino_lc|2701
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.2|17|320|10390|alpino_lc|1647
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.13.s.2|17|4400|15900|alpino_lc|1894
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.1|17|774|9740|alpino_lc|3184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.5|17|58|20770|alpino_lc|6507
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.2|17|26178|345380|alpino_lc|49113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.2|17|325|2990|alpino_lc|1410
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.3|17|122|6560|alpino_lc|1122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.6|17|4619|30670|alpino_lc|12187
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.1|17|57|4510|alpino_lc|1876
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.3|17|3572|37090|alpino_lc|8962
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.1|17|681|7300|alpino_lc|1261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.5|17|12|900|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.2|17|16|1230|alpino_lc|651
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.2|17|1344|14180|alpino_lc|14149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.1|17|24|1070|alpino_lc|956
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.6|17|2618|20190|alpino_lc|1620
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.4|17|1012|14400|alpino_lc|1574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.4|17|1770|16160|alpino_lc|4305
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.5|17|65|1470|alpino_lc|1291
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.4|17|280|26740|alpino_lc|10515
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.8|17|688|5830|alpino_lc|907
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.5|17|902|21360|alpino_lc|7181
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.12.s.2|17|97|2350|alpino_lc|908
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.4|17|175|7660|alpino_lc|2756
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.2|17|9695|62620|alpino_lc|7150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.1|17|14|2970|alpino_lc|1640
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.11.s.2|17|10475|46010|alpino_lc|12359
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.2|17|24|1910|alpino_lc|1244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.2|17|198|3520|alpino_lc|831
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.2.s.2|17|399|14960|alpino_lc|3740
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.5|17|584|21130|alpino_lc|5154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.2|17|3764|26710|alpino_lc|7152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.2|17|898|7190|alpino_lc|2171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.2|17|96|3890|alpino_lc|1143
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.3.s.2|17|14|2250|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.2|17|215|9050|alpino_lc|2362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.4.s.1|17|3438|26110|alpino_lc|5511
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.2|17|2068|37940|alpino_lc|15265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.16.s.2|17|6390|19950|alpino_lc|2627
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.4|17|1062|36590|alpino_lc|4695
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.2|17|117|4870|alpino_lc|1797
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.5|17|96|6260|alpino_lc|4554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.5|17|474|13910|alpino_lc|2057
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.4|17|264|3270|alpino_lc|2630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.3|17|258|2220|alpino_lc|466
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.1|17|455|10470|alpino_lc|5009
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.1|17|577|7810|alpino_lc|1593
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.4|17|140|17860|alpino_lc|4885
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.2|17|4328|33330|alpino_lc|6521
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.1|17|1264|5760|alpino_lc|838
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.2|17|759|6800|alpino_lc|1895
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.3|17|682|8510|alpino_lc|1323
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.3|17|658|3650|alpino_lc|1889
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.3|17|154|4460|alpino_lc|2067
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.4|17|3768|35720|alpino_lc|12298
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.4|17|90|1960|alpino_lc|1759
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.1|17|396|10090|alpino_lc|2459
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.4|17|728|9830|alpino_lc|885
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.2|17|98|11820|alpino_lc|3661
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.10|17|1081|8240|alpino_lc|1365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.6|17|891|9340|alpino_lc|824
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.4|17|64|2580|alpino_lc|2136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.3|17|90|7970|alpino_lc|3010
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.5|17|60|1890|alpino_lc|885
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.2|17|98|21680|alpino_lc|3336
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.3|17|145|5020|alpino_lc|2769
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.2|17|312|3530|alpino_lc|1097
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.1|17|9|3570|alpino_lc|2326
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.2|17|3212|19810|alpino_lc|6024
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.6|17|3368|32640|alpino_lc|7563
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.2.s.1|17|21|1800|alpino_lc|803
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.4|17|1488|42830|alpino_lc|1956
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.5.s.2|17|1996|30850|alpino_lc|6742
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.7.s.2|17|1484|21360|alpino_lc|4422
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.2|17|126|2030|alpino_lc|749
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.5|17|1578|44050|alpino_lc|4793
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.1|17|1630|14940|alpino_lc|1866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.5|17|2787|59220|alpino_lc|3381
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.5|17|207|2380|alpino_lc|1619
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.1|17|970|11050|alpino_lc|1686
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.5|17|954|7380|alpino_lc|812
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.1.s.1|17|161384|551150|alpino_lc|4467
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.2|17|10820|44280|alpino_lc|3426
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.6|17|2|1130|alpino_lc|1105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.2|17|5753|29410|alpino_lc|1663
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.1|17|1416|23000|alpino_lc|6707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.3|17|130|2310|alpino_lc|1580
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.3|17|48|880|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.3|18|52|1660|alpino_lc|715
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.6|18|148|2450|alpino_lc|1376
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.8.s.3|18|122|4970|alpino_lc|1858
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.1|18|86|7200|alpino_lc|2603
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.1|18|87|2890|alpino_lc|1740
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.1|18|4089|31840|alpino_lc|16703
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.4|18|76|7420|alpino_lc|2954
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.2|18|51|7650|alpino_lc|4926
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.5.s.2|18|125|4170|alpino_lc|1572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.1|18|2402|37270|alpino_lc|11429
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.6|18|60|6470|alpino_lc|5043
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.1|18|132|1620|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.1|18|28|2310|alpino_lc|1271
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.4|18|117|12440|alpino_lc|5571
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.4|18|4064|13950|alpino_lc|1267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.3|18|75|3170|alpino_lc|2612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.4|18|208|19920|alpino_lc|5741
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.1|18|3310|84150|alpino_lc|36734
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.7|18|917|14270|alpino_lc|3613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.3|18|4|1620|alpino_lc|1065
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.2|18|1026|29480|alpino_lc|13361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.2|18|4732|41580|alpino_lc|6377
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.1|18|228|22030|alpino_lc|2085
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.4|18|560|16600|alpino_lc|7053
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.3|18|606|6430|alpino_lc|4141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.2|18|857|31230|alpino_lc|3466
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.7|18|254|17450|alpino_lc|3298
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.4|18|272|3490|alpino_lc|514
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.2|18|74|3550|alpino_lc|696
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.2|18|172|10680|alpino_lc|5878
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.1|18|300|2100|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.3|18|418|7100|alpino_lc|1912
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.6.s.3|18|41480|244790|alpino_lc|11214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.2|18|261|15340|alpino_lc|2049
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.2|18|200|7680|alpino_lc|1433
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.5|18|496|6800|alpino_lc|2265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.1|18|4|2070|alpino_lc|1449
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.2|18|3824|48590|alpino_lc|14632
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.11.s.1|18|1472|40800|alpino_lc|9089
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.4.s.2|18|9192|193530|alpino_lc|14363
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.1|18|3974|50120|alpino_lc|19418
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.3|18|7136|59120|alpino_lc|35776
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.4.s.3|18|62|2960|alpino_lc|839
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.3|18|1320|9110|alpino_lc|1513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.3|18|90|1810|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.2|18|984|38970|alpino_lc|11198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.3|18|1044|12190|alpino_lc|2482
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.1|18|478|3630|alpino_lc|996
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.5|18|2736|14440|alpino_lc|6747
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.4.s.3|18|4416|24820|alpino_lc|1801
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.2|18|24|1960|alpino_lc|1061
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.3|18|150|5010|alpino_lc|1569
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.4|18|28330|98590|alpino_lc|20918
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.5.s.2|18|480|4910|alpino_lc|1883
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.9.s.1|18|498|5090|alpino_lc|1343
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.12.s.2|18|705|33360|alpino_lc|8630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.4|18|355|9010|alpino_lc|3240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.9.s.1|18|234|4350|alpino_lc|1351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.18.s.1|18|7272|75690|alpino_lc|25031
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.7.s.1|18|284|58210|alpino_lc|40940
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.1|18|252|1300|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.2|18|2144|131900|alpino_lc|29188
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.4|18|660|4050|alpino_lc|1974
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.6|18|618|7090|alpino_lc|6320
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.5|18|20|1720|alpino_lc|1154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.7|18|132|3970|alpino_lc|2396
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.3|18|252|1780|alpino_lc|872
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.6|18|3176|58400|alpino_lc|20904
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.3|18|2002|24180|alpino_lc|7020
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.5|18|9798|157620|alpino_lc|21010
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.2|18|640|4820|alpino_lc|1708
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.5|18|1992|39620|alpino_lc|11227
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.7|18|1156|29800|alpino_lc|2879
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.3|18|1526|14900|alpino_lc|2507
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.8|18|3136|61760|alpino_lc|3859
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.2|18|48|10750|alpino_lc|2092
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.4.s.2|18|1571|25440|alpino_lc|15504
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.1|18|4007|120750|alpino_lc|17868
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.1|18|1|4130|alpino_lc|375
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.1|18|62|1360|alpino_lc|860
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.2|18|60|2200|alpino_lc|831
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.3|18|16|1280|alpino_lc|390
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.6|18|1424|15000|alpino_lc|3090
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.6.s.1|18|2516|34020|alpino_lc|5109
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.2.s.2|18|28|1770|alpino_lc|1220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.2|18|1226|14660|alpino_lc|2323
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.3|18|4|1930|alpino_lc|2009
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.2|18|125|10250|alpino_lc|6388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.5|18|418|18640|alpino_lc|4378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.1|18|192|13240|alpino_lc|3483
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.5|18|304|1720|alpino_lc|803
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.1|18|723|17210|alpino_lc|2534
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.3|18|3959|17080|alpino_lc|1784
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.1.s.1|18|168|2800|alpino_lc|932
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.3|18|72|2120|alpino_lc|599
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.3|18|56|4880|alpino_lc|2394
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.6|18|210|28340|alpino_lc|1979
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.3.s.1|18|1726|46330|alpino_lc|18535
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.5.s.1|18|6786|84580|alpino_lc|22633
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.3|18|168|13740|alpino_lc|746
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.4|18|166|4230|alpino_lc|1115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.2|18|97680|657070|alpino_lc|63506
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.5|19|2039|25360|alpino_lc|4887
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.4|19|1088|91450|alpino_lc|15938
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.1|19|5080|76410|alpino_lc|5590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.2|19|918|6330|alpino_lc|1353
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.2|19|1132|150230|alpino_lc|67971
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.2|19|324|6750|alpino_lc|1742
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.3|19|1299|50290|alpino_lc|6934
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.2|19|3840|42060|alpino_lc|5487
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.3|19|104|2160|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.2|19|305|2720|alpino_lc|1150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.3|19|578|4740|alpino_lc|1836
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.2|19|810|44070|alpino_lc|9355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.4|19|245|9430|alpino_lc|1725
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.1|19|3287|35370|alpino_lc|10556
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.5|19|298|3430|alpino_lc|820
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.6|19|10489|138430|alpino_lc|26134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.6|19|2328|60860|alpino_lc|6144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.3|19|108|2980|alpino_lc|1293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.2|19|2304|44690|alpino_lc|4452
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.3|19|103|5000|alpino_lc|2266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.1|19|24|36830|alpino_lc|14008
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.3|19|19152|825160|alpino_lc|84009
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.8|19|416|9750|alpino_lc|4409
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.2|19|2791|21640|alpino_lc|5285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.3|19|5102|100170|alpino_lc|12648
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.7|19|34|6410|alpino_lc|3405
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.6.s.1|19|4390|189710|alpino_lc|27513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.7.s.2|19|6640|58360|alpino_lc|17458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.3|19|480|2410|alpino_lc|483
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.8|19|240|7910|alpino_lc|2858
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.4|19|400|2060|alpino_lc|1208
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.1|19|5217|39140|alpino_lc|26741
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.1|19|617|35580|alpino_lc|1537
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.3|19|2300|12540|alpino_lc|1027
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.1.s.1|19|120002|571860|alpino_lc|27424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.1|19|1120|10720|alpino_lc|4588
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.2|19|710|12800|alpino_lc|5339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.3|19|4160|22200|alpino_lc|3698
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.4|19|1088|10760|alpino_lc|1411
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.1|19|124|1520|alpino_lc|957
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.3|19|244|4970|alpino_lc|4255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.12.s.1|19|62|10040|alpino_lc|3058
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.3|19|854|13600|alpino_lc|3411
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.2|19|45|3720|alpino_lc|2028
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.2.s.1|19|73|2840|alpino_lc|659
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.1|19|318|17640|alpino_lc|4242
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.8.s.1|19|3279|71590|alpino_lc|16942
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.2|19|time_out|759420|alpino_lc|236455
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.1|19|2584|51920|alpino_lc|8268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.2|19|2156|10120|alpino_lc|1460
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.1|19|2042|21610|alpino_lc|4667
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.1.s.2|19|518|15010|alpino_lc|7139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.5|19|3711|28880|alpino_lc|5389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.5.s.2|19|943|10910|alpino_lc|5241
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.3.s.2|19|576|6320|alpino_lc|3063
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.3|19|6912|84580|alpino_lc|6029
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.4|19|1074|17420|alpino_lc|4533
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.1|19|4306|558950|alpino_lc|198943
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.3|19|496|5370|alpino_lc|1567
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.3.s.1|19|270|35300|alpino_lc|22182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.5|19|1634|40650|alpino_lc|13000
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.9.s.2|19|189|2300|alpino_lc|916
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.2|19|195|5120|alpino_lc|1720
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.1|19|56|1810|alpino_lc|1224
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.1.s.2|19|1640|14120|alpino_lc|1913
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.2|19|1512|9690|alpino_lc|1413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.5.s.1|19|84048|399490|alpino_lc|46031
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.4|19|1818|79470|alpino_lc|19067
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.3.s.3|19|11846|89780|alpino_lc|14305
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.2.s.2|19|276|12020|alpino_lc|2967
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.2|19|1626|17870|alpino_lc|8805
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.3.s.3|19|192|3190|alpino_lc|1567
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.3|20|4198|53670|alpino_lc|5203
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.3|20|1154|8470|alpino_lc|1828
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.2|20|49020|154390|alpino_lc|2128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.2|20|11421|96760|alpino_lc|18533
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.5.s.3|20|1287|5880|alpino_lc|2380
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.1|20|716|10900|alpino_lc|4843
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.11.s.1|20|2156|20260|alpino_lc|1779
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.1|20|1244|14560|alpino_lc|3462
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.4|20|882|14750|alpino_lc|8215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.1|20|27583|332650|alpino_lc|11386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.1|20|225|5070|alpino_lc|2612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.5|20|1435|12630|alpino_lc|1217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.2|20|35586|404170|alpino_lc|111492
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.2|20|26592|97460|alpino_lc|9900
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.7|20|9413|113180|alpino_lc|33140
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.10.s.1|20|6094|61350|alpino_lc|6083
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.3|20|35680|231840|alpino_lc|34492
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.1|20|10821|62730|alpino_lc|5461
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.5|20|1060|40640|alpino_lc|5562
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.6|20|874|21500|alpino_lc|7187
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.8|20|210|8210|alpino_lc|4918
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.4|20|2094|60680|alpino_lc|7151
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.6|20|1650|51240|alpino_lc|38699
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.4|20|3488|51130|alpino_lc|27666
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.4|20|15|1990|alpino_lc|1961
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.3|20|164|6840|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.6|20|10|1680|alpino_lc|1793
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.2|20|2366|36930|alpino_lc|2846
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.5|20|3996|64870|alpino_lc|26413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.3|20|4516|30430|alpino_lc|5123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.3.s.3|20|1729|23440|alpino_lc|5737
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.2|20|1064|17640|alpino_lc|4598
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.3|20|time_out|898920|alpino_lc|2680
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.4|20|time_out|900200|alpino_lc|223164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.1|20|4858|61500|alpino_lc|22722
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.2|20|39634|153060|alpino_lc|3145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.7.s.2|20|48|2470|alpino_lc|1117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.4|20|1535|15740|alpino_lc|4206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.7|20|811|8110|alpino_lc|1874
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.6|20|226|7700|alpino_lc|3964
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.2|20|14|2160|alpino_lc|2113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.3|20|90|4250|alpino_lc|1986
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.2|20|8|620|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.3|20|2752|25800|alpino_lc|8618
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.1|20|10411|72250|alpino_lc|11659
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.4|20|3484|20500|alpino_lc|8428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.9|20|630|11920|alpino_lc|4708
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.3.s.1|20|160|1320|alpino_lc|469
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.2|20|333|5170|alpino_lc|1134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.1|20|2314|86430|alpino_lc|13002
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.3|20|36|2890|alpino_lc|980
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.2|20|651|468800|alpino_lc|20004
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.2|20|120|6590|alpino_lc|2667
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.3|20|368|7250|alpino_lc|1952
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.3|20|4|2170|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.10.s.3|20|1150|43570|alpino_lc|11831
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.4.s.2|20|312|10820|alpino_lc|2792
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.2|20|23|16060|alpino_lc|2579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.4|20|852|14980|alpino_lc|5829
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.2|20|1504|34180|alpino_lc|16661
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.1|20|54|4360|alpino_lc|2481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.2|20|5020|26940|alpino_lc|8083
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.2|20|1584|9030|alpino_lc|1482
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.1|20|174|5540|alpino_lc|2359
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.4.s.1|20|time_out|899790|alpino_lc|20326
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.1.s.2|20|1232|6770|alpino_lc|1317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.2|20|12426|172770|alpino_lc|45952
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.3|20|882|18220|alpino_lc|8725
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.2|20|36610|121660|alpino_lc|4788
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.5|20|63708|243640|alpino_lc|8310
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.2|20|6232|58380|alpino_lc|11981
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.1|21|480|10940|alpino_lc|4267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.1.s.2|21|24580|302120|alpino_lc|8172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.7.s.1|21|114|2150|alpino_lc|736
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.2|21|2790|27400|alpino_lc|4300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.8|21|4752|37290|alpino_lc|24726
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.3.s.1|21|1393|93500|alpino_lc|20444
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.1|21|216|4600|alpino_lc|1191
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.1|21|12147|124170|alpino_lc|6010
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.4|21|84322|353160|alpino_lc|20985
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.2.s.1|21|10272|48510|alpino_lc|9668
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.2|21|5104|33670|alpino_lc|4224
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.4|21|20780|154930|alpino_lc|20925
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.3|21|132870|774090|alpino_lc|60646
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.1|21|22|5640|alpino_lc|1404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.3|21|1658|8240|alpino_lc|1745
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.3|21|time_out|900110|alpino_lc|11487
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.4|21|9618|142310|alpino_lc|48893
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.4|21|19447|438780|alpino_lc|121611
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.16|21|1890|9110|alpino_lc|1687
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.1|21|694|10290|alpino_lc|4015
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.4|21|816|24880|alpino_lc|2417
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.5|21|time_out|900640|alpino_lc|40969
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.2|21|983|12180|alpino_lc|4178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.3|21|time_out|899390|alpino_lc|79390
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.3.s.1|21|15037|274260|alpino_lc|33740
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.1|21|1200|13050|alpino_lc|2145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.3|21|13662|69460|alpino_lc|39415
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.2|21|560|8350|alpino_lc|4316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.2|21|504|8670|alpino_lc|2897
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.4.s.1|21|time_out|900210|alpino_lc|60909
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.2|21|618|4570|alpino_lc|1238
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.2|21|690|8500|alpino_lc|2732
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.2|21|1326|22160|alpino_lc|14451
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.1.s.2|21|480|9320|alpino_lc|2729
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.4.s.1|21|39083|176090|alpino_lc|9989
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.1|21|2956|18520|alpino_lc|10354
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.4|21|15072|60370|alpino_lc|7229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.6.s.3|21|592|4160|alpino_lc|2118
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.3|21|1404|12700|alpino_lc|3295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.3|21|1824|82150|alpino_lc|12681
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.5|21|2440|42250|alpino_lc|7727
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.2|21|6958|64700|alpino_lc|16757
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.4|21|3300|21200|alpino_lc|3516
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.7|21|2628|19010|alpino_lc|3157
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.10.s.1|21|399|93390|alpino_lc|38426
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.1|21|51302|166990|alpino_lc|5526
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.2|21|time_out|899660|alpino_lc|386756
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.4|21|2244|125010|alpino_lc|75688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.3|21|5964|27420|alpino_lc|3134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.3|21|19516|305350|alpino_lc|27015
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.5|21|52377|202490|alpino_lc|10930
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.1|21|12788|222370|alpino_lc|8921
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.2|21|time_out|899590|alpino_lc|51262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.3|21|354|6770|alpino_lc|1887
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.7|21|96|3660|alpino_lc|2616
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.1|21|221902|795390|alpino_lc|5830
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.3|21|760|10060|alpino_lc|2654
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.1|21|1176|8590|alpino_lc|1857
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.8|21|3724|128520|alpino_lc|19238
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.2.s.1|21|735|6600|alpino_lc|4252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.3|21|72|2710|alpino_lc|1554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.4|21|151095|663610|alpino_lc|22785
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.3|21|2882|64230|alpino_lc|27653
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.3|21|104|5120|alpino_lc|999
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.1.s.2|21|time_out|900380|alpino_lc|66432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.1|21|990|9550|alpino_lc|1250
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.2|21|1170|11060|alpino_lc|2529
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.4.s.2|21|2248|29260|alpino_lc|5275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.1.s.2|21|9930|53000|alpino_lc|5613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.2|21|832|9770|alpino_lc|6153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.4|22|1203|7990|alpino_lc|4497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.2.s.1|22|38|6530|alpino_lc|1432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.3.s.2|22|69564|187320|alpino_lc|13435
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.1|22|528|25910|alpino_lc|5537
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.2|22|25268|108150|alpino_lc|6110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.1|22|1740|43100|alpino_lc|13904
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.4|22|1508|19790|alpino_lc|5240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.1|22|574|25650|alpino_lc|8614
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.14.s.3|22|306|5640|alpino_lc|1528
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.2|22|12857|85570|alpino_lc|15399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.4|22|2286|23780|alpino_lc|4719
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.1|22|450|26560|alpino_lc|11998
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.2|22|time_out|899490|alpino_lc|42448
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.7|22|2622|51570|alpino_lc|4404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.4|22|33910|296260|alpino_lc|47853
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.1|22|522|11990|alpino_lc|3163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.5|22|46259|438400|alpino_lc|54340
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.5|22|1670|68980|alpino_lc|21672
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.6|22|1104|14100|alpino_lc|2299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.4|22|15372|62730|alpino_lc|3126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.4|22|551|18400|alpino_lc|1643
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.1|22|49416|212350|alpino_lc|3418
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.8.s.2|22|8569|54550|alpino_lc|28295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.11.s.1|22|7080|28090|alpino_lc|995
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.3|22|7852|78430|alpino_lc|3837
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.3|22|17615|152140|alpino_lc|14446
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.3|22|19090|180100|alpino_lc|19333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.5|22|540|8500|alpino_lc|2470
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.3|22|968|12040|alpino_lc|9847
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.2|22|9192|413170|alpino_lc|93405
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.2.s.1|22|1960|35440|alpino_lc|23021
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.1|22|422|6110|alpino_lc|2349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.4|22|3591|423370|alpino_lc|27388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.3|22|320|10520|alpino_lc|3612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.4|22|12365|61720|alpino_lc|12190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.4|22|15740|223870|alpino_lc|28700
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.4|22|12848|51770|alpino_lc|2694
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.5|22|5548|125170|alpino_lc|30482
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.1|22|9984|146750|alpino_lc|8469
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.18.s.3|22|1610|20850|alpino_lc|2450
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.1.s.2|22|1196|9970|alpino_lc|3282
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.1|22|73|41070|alpino_lc|2731
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.6|22|216|4080|alpino_lc|1683
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.2|22|390|14960|alpino_lc|2186
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.3|22|104|2160|alpino_lc|1354
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.2|22|11332|35470|alpino_lc|1180
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.3|22|time_out|899660|alpino_lc|519904
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.6.s.1|22|1122|36170|alpino_lc|10583
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.6.s.2|22|483|6620|alpino_lc|2155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.2|22|2175|42630|alpino_lc|12950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.4|22|35209|181540|alpino_lc|5289
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.4|22|184113|694040|alpino_lc|30549
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.2|22|9546|132000|alpino_lc|19546
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.9.s.1|22|40050|161810|alpino_lc|2708
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.2|22|408|4110|alpino_lc|1662
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.5.s.3|22|72|8670|alpino_lc|3369
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.6.s.1|22|193|4360|alpino_lc|1962
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.2.s.1|22|53|3110|alpino_lc|1671
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.1|22|44766|144770|alpino_lc|9449
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.4.s.1|23|time_out|899570|alpino_lc|35788
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.3|23|time_out|899630|alpino_lc|85178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.2|23|1672|24140|alpino_lc|12338
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.2|23|51939|231340|alpino_lc|8609
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.4|23|417|1920|alpino_lc|358
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.1|23|43354|390420|alpino_lc|54854
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.3|23|205446|825620|alpino_lc|11871
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.1|23|9198|35380|alpino_lc|2060
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.3|23|40454|183170|alpino_lc|7300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.5|23|21026|199990|alpino_lc|25218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.2|23|2071|325840|alpino_lc|55743
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.3|23|time_out|900300|alpino_lc|31238
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.2|23|112|2640|alpino_lc|2388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.2|23|5898|101300|alpino_lc|60420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.4|23|128|1380|alpino_lc|424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.1|23|969|25580|alpino_lc|2604
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.1|23|39804|228510|alpino_lc|36787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.2.s.2|23|9180|46600|alpino_lc|1009
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.3|23|2682|38490|alpino_lc|5389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.2.s.1|23|13564|100040|alpino_lc|25375
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.2|23|1645|561510|alpino_lc|139440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.1.s.1|23|time_out|900240|alpino_lc|12430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.3|23|185|2950|alpino_lc|1971
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.4|23|132|18160|alpino_lc|8209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.5.s.3|23|107809|483510|alpino_lc|4853
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.2|23|1904|27230|alpino_lc|10869
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.1|23|15634|54990|alpino_lc|7823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.1|23|time_out|899660|alpino_lc|57878
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.3|23|time_out|900330|alpino_lc|183656
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.11.s.1|23|17732|94510|alpino_lc|5869
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.3|23|time_out|900430|alpino_lc|21219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.5|23|360|9670|alpino_lc|2786
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.11.s.3|23|24144|486470|alpino_lc|85678
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.2|23|13368|87560|alpino_lc|21620
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.1|23|17519|108760|alpino_lc|10420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.2|23|353|9440|alpino_lc|2605
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.3|23|600|7850|alpino_lc|498
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.1|23|20552|150060|alpino_lc|30218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.3|23|17916|66950|alpino_lc|6564
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.9.s.1|23|time_out|899450|alpino_lc|73069
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.3|23|78848|530660|alpino_lc|83521
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.6|23|75978|495780|alpino_lc|65534
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.5|23|4429|24000|alpino_lc|2622
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.3|23|time_out|899600|alpino_lc|54895
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.3|23|5075|32210|alpino_lc|4307
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.4|23|4|3790|alpino_lc|1365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.2|23|time_out|898730|alpino_lc|34788
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.3|23|41454|205270|alpino_lc|21684
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.1|23|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|62671
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.3.s.1|23|23229|165940|alpino_lc|42226
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.4.s.1|23|1252|90610|alpino_lc|19798
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.6.s.2|23|2161|17990|alpino_lc|8056
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.5.s.1|23|610|33630|alpino_lc|4699
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.2|23|7978|31570|alpino_lc|2719
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.2|23|48992|161610|alpino_lc|19607
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.5.s.2|23|time_out|899420|alpino_lc|133420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.8|24|time_out|900690|alpino_lc|60642
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.2|24|1014|18030|alpino_lc|9514
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.5|24|3120|22500|alpino_lc|5567
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.2|24|10360|184760|alpino_lc|87084
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.1.s.2|24|9329|52970|alpino_lc|2059
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.5|24|25788|158230|alpino_lc|9450
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.6|24|time_out|899620|alpino_lc|77734
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.5.s.1|24|2104|18280|alpino_lc|8043
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.2|24|2546|124070|alpino_lc|8891
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.2|24|5544|33070|alpino_lc|1614
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.3.s.3|24|136|3350|alpino_lc|1267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.1|24|66247|740560|alpino_lc|29255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.1|24|20664|88810|alpino_lc|4183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.1|24|21368|162940|alpino_lc|20841
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.1|24|85628|496240|alpino_lc|13308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.5|24|20026|255660|alpino_lc|25794
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.8.s.1|24|2716|50950|alpino_lc|35230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.1|24|time_out|900350|alpino_lc|60883
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.2.s.1|24|2444|25800|alpino_lc|12855
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.1|24|844|9080|alpino_lc|2074
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.2|24|1824|47310|alpino_lc|6688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.2|24|3832|42320|alpino_lc|4978
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.4|24|3996|52150|alpino_lc|1970
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.4|24|36087|232670|alpino_lc|12176
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.1|24|1016|8150|alpino_lc|2310
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.6|24|1848|19580|alpino_lc|3388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.2|24|38447|284420|alpino_lc|33626
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.1|24|48803|465970|alpino_lc|51024
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.2.s.2|24|103476|407290|alpino_lc|12246
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.3.s.1|24|112|4190|alpino_lc|3274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.4.s.2|24|19824|75410|alpino_lc|2803
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.16.s.1|24|2664|19520|alpino_lc|4724
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.2|24|time_out|900480|alpino_lc|57420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.2.s.1|24|2846|53280|alpino_lc|22046
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.2|24|10970|137010|alpino_lc|34358
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.2|24|9800|36920|alpino_lc|4213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.2|24|1702|24280|alpino_lc|5320
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.4|24|7612|63460|alpino_lc|15098
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.1|24|11411|207020|alpino_lc|71657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.5|24|9760|46290|alpino_lc|7648
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.3|24|time_out|899200|alpino_lc|35393
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.1|24|9426|80470|alpino_lc|29733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.8.s.2|24|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|148501
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.4|24|14100|302190|alpino_lc|6930
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.5|24|120312|573360|alpino_lc|5125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.3.s.2|24|1116|19030|alpino_lc|8121
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.4.s.2|24|5544|99410|alpino_lc|23534
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.1.s.2|24|448|10700|alpino_lc|7888
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.6.s.2|24|1687|20830|alpino_lc|1024
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.1|24|804|7100|alpino_lc|1458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.6|24|768|24400|alpino_lc|2179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.2|24|6696|63370|alpino_lc|8274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.3|24|18560|68270|alpino_lc|1927
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.2.s.2|25|15241|295570|alpino_lc|26911
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.3.s.1|25|13052|124080|alpino_lc|17256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.1|25|1953|24380|alpino_lc|6906
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.1|25|7976|215040|alpino_lc|50919
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.4|25|14784|93240|alpino_lc|21266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.3|25|1384|19100|alpino_lc|4281
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.3|25|46920|127070|alpino_lc|1129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.2|25|time_out|900240|alpino_lc|10903
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.3|25|228|22670|alpino_lc|4747
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.1|25|1138|43200|alpino_lc|26132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.3|25|time_out|900330|alpino_lc|12303
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.13.s.2|25|64|7930|alpino_lc|5453
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.14.s.2|25|15268|162550|alpino_lc|58164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.3|25|time_out|890290|alpino_lc|567714
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.1|25|time_out|900250|alpino_lc|52078
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.6|25|36324|154140|alpino_lc|26734
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.3|25|12132|47170|alpino_lc|5631
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.2|25|1600|11740|alpino_lc|1378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.3|25|100|21570|alpino_lc|3496
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.1|25|99200|460600|alpino_lc|18602
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.2|25|244286|818360|alpino_lc|25203
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.6.s.1|25|477|3430|alpino_lc|1476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.5|25|2136|18970|alpino_lc|4780
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.1|25|64212|253150|alpino_lc|9582
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000051.p.1.s.1|25|732|15200|alpino_lc|2863
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.3|25|16136|76580|alpino_lc|14481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.1|25|23650|148350|alpino_lc|29071
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.6.s.1|25|2020|238960|alpino_lc|15471
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.4|25|1358|10440|alpino_lc|7008
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.5|25|time_out|899990|alpino_lc|54753
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.3|25|480|18710|alpino_lc|4438
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.3|25|70720|201600|alpino_lc|21974
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.3|25|time_out|878580|alpino_lc|153318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.1|25|time_out|900400|alpino_lc|141938
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.1|25|18184|73970|alpino_lc|3378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.2|25|35352|214130|alpino_lc|15666
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.4|25|640|12150|alpino_lc|2837
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.5|25|456|8250|alpino_lc|963
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.1|25|103994|409660|alpino_lc|25252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.2.1|25|time_out|900120|alpino_lc|25284
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.1.s.2|25|32890|362150|alpino_lc|98845
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.2|25|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|109575
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.1|25|9486|58990|alpino_lc|13701
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.2.s.2|25|9180|31340|alpino_lc|1210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.3.s.1|25|1608|10230|alpino_lc|3448
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.2|25|4884|17140|alpino_lc|3686
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.4|25|20508|71170|alpino_lc|6461
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.1|25|28201|212610|alpino_lc|14595
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.5.s.1|25|6608|77410|alpino_lc|13163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.1.s.2|25|time_out|900230|alpino_lc|65351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.2.s.2|25|68605|237630|alpino_lc|2335
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.2|25|8686|47430|alpino_lc|7123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.1|25|165108|638150|alpino_lc|29283
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.1|25|13440|68300|alpino_lc|11949
