cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 13400 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 20000 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 8770 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 51670 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 15050 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 27200 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 32660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 11300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 76860 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 11670 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 14720 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 59200 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 8940 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 46110 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 6080 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 7030 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 10460 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 11720 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 16250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 7370 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7430 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 7800 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 28340 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 7480 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 49970 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 12990 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 21790 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 10540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 48460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 11830 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 10710 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 9830 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 9340 msec
cputime total 11190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 12240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 6960 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 12010 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 70610 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 20560 msec
cputime total 8790 msec
cputime total 27270 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 24530 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 11670 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 8600 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 14850 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 12750 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 35950 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 10780 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 9970 msec
cputime total 31950 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 6230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 13570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7690 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 9360 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 14700 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 13720 msec
cputime total 37230 msec
cputime total 14760 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 16980 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 28680 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 27030 msec
cputime total 22230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 32500 msec
cputime total 13660 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 20990 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 22210 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7030 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 12510 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 17870 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 14870 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 8420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 18080 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 57270 msec
cputime total 13580 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 11120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 46890 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 720 msec
T#11|11|1|310|alpino_lc|273
T#24|19|1|870|alpino_lc|247
T#25|10|1|200|alpino_lc|109
T#37|46|1|3570|alpino_lc|4161
T#51|21|1|8220|alpino_lc|5443
T#67|23|1|360|alpino_lc|134
T#89|8|1|260|alpino_lc|194
T#90|29|1|13400|alpino_lc|4133
T#100|14|1|430|alpino_lc|298
T#110|33|1|20000|alpino_lc|9082
T#111|18|1|880|alpino_lc|438
T#117|21|1|5330|alpino_lc|4048
T#123|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#132|31|1|1940|alpino_lc|1602
T#159|19|1|2740|alpino_lc|2266
T#171|37|1|6740|alpino_lc|3027
T#176|9|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#187|15|1|240|alpino_lc|119
T#213|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|800
T#223|40|1|8770|alpino_lc|3450
T#226|24|1|3260|alpino_lc|4260
T#235|9|1|560|alpino_lc|285
T#245|15|1|460|alpino_lc|232
T#247|25|1|3810|alpino_lc|2658
T#250|31|1|51670|alpino_lc|12439
T#253|13|1|880|alpino_lc|336
T#278|14|1|500|alpino_lc|201
T#280|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|1158
T#306|36|1|2520|alpino_lc|2147
T#322|21|1|420|alpino_lc|367
T#347|9|1|500|alpino_lc|597
T#356|7|1|240|alpino_lc|293
T#364|16|1|1840|alpino_lc|1379
T#386|20|1|2530|alpino_lc|2292
T#388|7|1|150|alpino_lc|114
T#394|30|1|3770|alpino_lc|2227
T#413|16|1|1190|alpino_lc|629
T#419|12|1|1440|alpino_lc|714
T#431|32|1|3310|alpino_lc|677
T#450|7|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#460|19|1|710|alpino_lc|192
T#471|10|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#479|7|1|160|alpino_lc|15
T#485|35|1|5180|alpino_lc|3676
T#489|10|1|720|alpino_lc|471
T#492|12|1|290|alpino_lc|61
T#547|14|1|3560|alpino_lc|2765
T#589|19|1|590|alpino_lc|654
T#602|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#604|12|1|610|alpino_lc|229
T#610|18|1|250|alpino_lc|148
T#617|11|1|690|alpino_lc|349
T#621|12|1|320|alpino_lc|313
T#624|14|1|680|alpino_lc|477
T#636|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#655|27|1|640|alpino_lc|294
T#659|37|1|15050|alpino_lc|7731
T#668|11|1|180|alpino_lc|144
T#676|16|1|270|alpino_lc|230
T#687|46|1|27200|alpino_lc|12932
T#713|11|1|450|alpino_lc|175
T#720|29|1|1880|alpino_lc|620
T#722|32|1|7970|alpino_lc|4451
T#723|8|1|90|alpino_lc|55
T#733|10|1|490|alpino_lc|268
T#760|8|1|290|alpino_lc|291
T#789|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#794|18|1|760|alpino_lc|257
T#806|33|1|32660|alpino_lc|13501
T#822|12|1|370|alpino_lc|183
T#825|15|1|360|alpino_lc|223
T#841|8|1|270|alpino_lc|156
T#843|14|1|390|alpino_lc|399
T#845|33|1|10750|alpino_lc|13316
T#846|21|1|1450|alpino_lc|651
T#869|30|1|1040|alpino_lc|366
T#874|22|1|11300|alpino_lc|8088
T#891|20|1|310|alpino_lc|140
T#906|26|1|3860|alpino_lc|3841
T#911|14|1|1440|alpino_lc|795
T#922|35|1|1430|alpino_lc|1180
T#935|26|1|530|alpino_lc|314
T#939|56|1|76860|alpino_lc|65573
T#956|31|1|3160|alpino_lc|1173
T#958|24|1|1540|alpino_lc|1244
T#962|36|1|5110|alpino_lc|3409
T#968|15|1|380|alpino_lc|42
T#978|15|1|470|alpino_lc|325
T#979|46|1|5280|alpino_lc|1997
T#1012|21|1|2460|alpino_lc|1847
T#1016|10|1|370|alpino_lc|86
T#1019|10|1|140|alpino_lc|143
T#1028|9|1|190|alpino_lc|213
T#1029|24|1|5510|alpino_lc|2232
T#1069|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#1081|18|1|440|alpino_lc|420
T#1086|17|1|1390|alpino_lc|1042
T#1093|19|1|2740|alpino_lc|1837
T#1095|15|1|280|alpino_lc|283
T#1100|23|1|4120|alpino_lc|1520
T#1109|19|1|460|alpino_lc|249
T#1126|21|1|400|alpino_lc|121
T#1128|17|1|800|alpino_lc|506
T#1148|49|1|11670|alpino_lc|5626
T#1159|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|323
T#1164|13|1|450|alpino_lc|142
T#1165|21|1|2430|alpino_lc|2540
T#1171|34|1|14720|alpino_lc|17294
T#1176|19|1|370|alpino_lc|192
T#1191|36|1|9120|alpino_lc|1576
T#1194|52|1|2490|alpino_lc|1852
T#1220|10|1|260|alpino_lc|166
T#1231|26|1|1770|alpino_lc|1125
T#1236|34|1|4780|alpino_lc|373
T#1247|13|1|1150|alpino_lc|584
T#1258|12|1|520|alpino_lc|254
T#1259|10|1|810|alpino_lc|430
T#1260|15|1|470|alpino_lc|471
T#1270|10|1|270|alpino_lc|47
T#1278|24|1|2870|alpino_lc|2202
T#1280|12|1|230|alpino_lc|163
T#1296|6|1|40|alpino_lc|30
T#1303|24|1|2300|alpino_lc|1503
T#1305|35|1|3390|alpino_lc|756
T#1311|6|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#1320|15|1|220|alpino_lc|199
T#1352|11|1|320|alpino_lc|113
T#1353|12|1|800|alpino_lc|577
T#1388|16|1|250|alpino_lc|147
T#1403|38|1|5260|alpino_lc|1246
T#1430|35|1|1560|alpino_lc|517
T#1431|7|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#1456|25|1|1720|alpino_lc|779
T#1462|22|1|1090|alpino_lc|792
T#1473|11|1|580|alpino_lc|404
T#1486|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#1488|6|1|260|alpino_lc|200
T#1494|8|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#1497|21|1|420|alpino_lc|426
T#1515|10|1|200|alpino_lc|40
T#1517|7|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#1536|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#1537|44|1|59200|alpino_lc|58485
T#1538|24|1|970|alpino_lc|797
T#1546|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#1553|22|1|2110|alpino_lc|1016
T#1569|9|1|220|alpino_lc|89
T#1577|17|1|320|alpino_lc|118
T#1583|38|1|2280|alpino_lc|937
T#1602|15|1|950|alpino_lc|561
T#1607|14|1|220|alpino_lc|36
T#1608|11|1|170|alpino_lc|44
T#1642|10|1|130|alpino_lc|95
T#1669|4|1|20|alpino_lc|14
T#1674|17|1|280|alpino_lc|219
T#1685|29|1|1340|alpino_lc|996
T#1693|17|1|630|alpino_lc|510
T#1696|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|1007
T#1715|28|1|6670|alpino_lc|5115
T#1741|16|1|300|alpino_lc|169
T#1753|17|1|870|alpino_lc|804
T#1755|26|1|1740|alpino_lc|830
T#1756|14|1|420|alpino_lc|677
T#1769|33|1|8940|alpino_lc|2671
T#1777|44|1|5930|alpino_lc|1429
T#1785|4|1|30|alpino_lc|19
T#1808|21|1|380|alpino_lc|238
T#1828|37|1|46110|alpino_lc|17277
T#1853|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|765
T#1885|15|1|430|alpino_lc|357
T#1886|16|1|300|alpino_lc|82
T#1887|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#1894|35|1|6080|alpino_lc|1991
T#1899|21|1|990|alpino_lc|430
T#1900|24|1|900|alpino_lc|1080
T#1924|8|1|200|alpino_lc|184
T#1930|21|1|1050|alpino_lc|420
T#1957|31|1|7030|alpino_lc|3997
T#1963|13|1|330|alpino_lc|156
T#1968|17|1|3990|alpino_lc|2314
T#1974|12|1|330|alpino_lc|141
T#1975|35|1|7990|alpino_lc|1848
T#1976|32|1|900|alpino_lc|479
T#1977|10|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#2011|43|1|7570|alpino_lc|3613
T#2012|22|1|10460|alpino_lc|6861
T#2015|15|1|410|alpino_lc|274
T#2019|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#2035|14|1|750|alpino_lc|264
T#2037|15|1|1990|alpino_lc|973
T#2045|14|1|690|alpino_lc|185
T#2051|32|1|1480|alpino_lc|320
T#2055|12|1|210|alpino_lc|183
T#2059|17|1|970|alpino_lc|289
T#2065|13|1|930|alpino_lc|491
T#2080|36|1|6680|alpino_lc|4669
T#2082|36|1|11720|alpino_lc|2726
T#2097|17|1|550|alpino_lc|108
T#2104|23|1|720|alpino_lc|182
T#2105|45|1|16250|alpino_lc|1022
T#2121|10|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#2129|18|1|3800|alpino_lc|4092
T#2151|27|1|7370|alpino_lc|2977
T#2168|12|1|410|alpino_lc|322
T#2192|11|1|190|alpino_lc|143
T#2194|10|1|200|alpino_lc|83
T#2195|23|1|7430|alpino_lc|1407
T#2196|19|1|590|alpino_lc|85
T#2198|27|1|490|alpino_lc|321
T#2224|25|1|6090|alpino_lc|3192
T#2254|11|1|340|alpino_lc|222
T#2255|30|1|6010|alpino_lc|3574
T#2260|32|1|430|alpino_lc|97
T#2288|23|1|610|alpino_lc|470
T#2302|21|1|3090|alpino_lc|1181
T#2317|15|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#2334|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#2346|16|1|360|alpino_lc|119
T#2359|26|1|1030|alpino_lc|405
T#2366|26|1|3120|alpino_lc|1491
T#2395|46|1|6170|alpino_lc|6410
T#2420|28|1|1760|alpino_lc|1084
T#2421|28|1|7800|alpino_lc|3896
T#2443|16|1|440|alpino_lc|745
T#2453|15|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#2464|29|1|28340|alpino_lc|10011
T#2469|20|1|570|alpino_lc|276
T#2472|35|1|7480|alpino_lc|885
T#2474|21|1|4700|alpino_lc|3330
T#2496|34|1|4370|alpino_lc|2242
T#2510|14|1|630|alpino_lc|201
T#2538|52|1|49970|alpino_lc|27825
T#2548|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|1065
T#2572|19|1|2250|alpino_lc|1772
T#2575|16|1|330|alpino_lc|181
T#2591|17|1|270|alpino_lc|179
T#2601|42|1|12990|alpino_lc|894
T#2613|5|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#2614|17|1|2830|alpino_lc|1802
T#2632|35|1|21790|alpino_lc|13927
T#2640|19|1|1400|alpino_lc|425
T#2645|8|1|170|alpino_lc|118
T#2676|24|1|2810|alpino_lc|3349
T#2712|36|1|10540|alpino_lc|7171
T#2713|9|1|150|alpino_lc|161
T#2720|60|1|48460|alpino_lc|12407
T#2724|12|1|200|alpino_lc|56
T#2734|26|1|11830|alpino_lc|3569
T#2746|15|1|1000|alpino_lc|507
T#2747|8|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#2749|15|1|560|alpino_lc|460
T#2753|16|1|430|alpino_lc|257
T#2766|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#2780|27|1|3820|alpino_lc|969
T#2782|10|1|160|alpino_lc|31
T#2817|14|1|990|alpino_lc|996
T#2821|15|1|170|alpino_lc|145
T#2837|22|1|5750|alpino_lc|5147
T#2846|11|1|1490|alpino_lc|1347
T#2847|11|1|260|alpino_lc|153
T#2850|24|1|1050|alpino_lc|767
T#2852|10|1|150|alpino_lc|163
T#2853|11|1|300|alpino_lc|303
T#2857|25|1|2710|alpino_lc|1448
T#2868|38|1|1430|alpino_lc|362
T#2874|7|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#2876|24|1|8860|alpino_lc|4057
T#2877|27|1|2200|alpino_lc|1747
T#2881|22|1|650|alpino_lc|202
T#2886|27|1|3570|alpino_lc|1109
T#2888|14|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#2901|8|1|60|alpino_lc|44
T#2914|34|1|2690|alpino_lc|765
T#2921|29|1|770|alpino_lc|845
T#2931|11|1|220|alpino_lc|118
T#2943|12|1|500|alpino_lc|147
T#2960|22|1|10710|alpino_lc|2990
T#2963|31|1|5230|alpino_lc|1433
T#2968|13|1|310|alpino_lc|204
T#2980|18|1|1640|alpino_lc|2400
T#2998|21|1|970|alpino_lc|1079
T#3004|12|1|200|alpino_lc|72
T#3011|11|1|290|alpino_lc|106
T#3024|40|1|9830|alpino_lc|4236
T#3025|24|1|1960|alpino_lc|1180
T#3051|14|1|940|alpino_lc|1256
T#3066|9|1|300|alpino_lc|50
T#3073|15|1|340|alpino_lc|285
T#3074|37|1|2480|alpino_lc|832
T#3100|22|1|9340|alpino_lc|4211
T#3120|26|1|11190|alpino_lc|6875
T#3122|14|1|420|alpino_lc|158
T#3160|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#3174|23|1|2330|alpino_lc|1247
T#3180|14|1|440|alpino_lc|344
T#3186|31|1|1980|alpino_lc|520
T#3187|74|1|12240|alpino_lc|9232
T#3194|7|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#3209|34|1|3210|alpino_lc|700
T#3212|17|1|2070|alpino_lc|903
T#3214|10|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#3238|16|1|270|alpino_lc|182
T#3254|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|789
T#3255|26|1|3460|alpino_lc|2330
T#3265|29|1|3600|alpino_lc|2984
T#3269|23|1|5080|alpino_lc|1393
T#3283|34|1|7660|alpino_lc|2602
T#3289|18|1|1290|alpino_lc|522
T#3290|15|1|530|alpino_lc|400
T#3295|21|1|970|alpino_lc|271
T#3313|5|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#3318|35|1|1440|alpino_lc|1078
T#3330|53|1|5320|alpino_lc|2355
T#3337|25|1|8370|alpino_lc|4281
T#3343|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#3351|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#3363|24|1|520|alpino_lc|156
T#3374|26|1|820|alpino_lc|831
T#3378|17|1|1780|alpino_lc|1175
T#3396|12|1|360|alpino_lc|342
T#3408|17|1|360|alpino_lc|280
T#3429|9|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#3434|36|1|5920|alpino_lc|2470
T#3437|23|1|460|alpino_lc|238
T#3439|10|1|270|alpino_lc|122
T#3451|9|1|720|alpino_lc|512
T#3467|7|1|290|alpino_lc|191
T#3482|6|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#3491|56|1|2380|alpino_lc|1787
T#3494|7|1|400|alpino_lc|255
T#3496|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|1715
T#3508|33|1|6960|alpino_lc|1354
T#3528|18|1|600|alpino_lc|376
T#3542|15|1|740|alpino_lc|171
T#3547|17|1|3220|alpino_lc|2382
T#3553|7|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#3564|17|1|520|alpino_lc|142
T#3565|3|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#3568|28|1|790|alpino_lc|325
T#3572|31|1|3340|alpino_lc|654
T#3579|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#3581|13|1|290|alpino_lc|137
T#3585|14|1|480|alpino_lc|196
T#3614|19|1|2460|alpino_lc|1332
T#3617|17|1|400|alpino_lc|133
T#3618|9|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#3631|18|1|270|alpino_lc|80
T#3638|22|1|570|alpino_lc|271
T#3651|32|1|3520|alpino_lc|2092
T#3656|11|1|120|alpino_lc|83
T#3663|25|1|770|alpino_lc|330
T#3681|14|1|210|alpino_lc|93
T#3684|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#3692|28|1|12010|alpino_lc|3542
T#3700|16|1|590|alpino_lc|549
T#3702|25|1|4630|alpino_lc|3973
T#3710|51|1|70610|alpino_lc|8827
T#3712|20|1|1810|alpino_lc|1161
T#3738|23|1|750|alpino_lc|468
T#3750|33|1|3720|alpino_lc|2172
T#3751|20|1|690|alpino_lc|494
T#3752|13|1|2250|alpino_lc|1560
T#3799|12|1|1490|alpino_lc|379
T#3822|25|1|750|alpino_lc|927
T#3835|21|1|570|alpino_lc|268
T#3846|20|1|8620|alpino_lc|6544
T#3853|27|1|3930|alpino_lc|3475
T#3870|37|1|3270|alpino_lc|5152
T#3872|24|1|1140|alpino_lc|551
T#3874|12|1|400|alpino_lc|170
T#3883|16|1|4210|alpino_lc|1846
T#3886|16|1|920|alpino_lc|395
T#3887|38|1|3330|alpino_lc|1679
T#3889|21|1|1910|alpino_lc|1413
T#3890|24|1|1080|alpino_lc|525
T#3891|14|1|510|alpino_lc|307
T#3921|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#3939|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|833
T#3940|31|1|20560|alpino_lc|6826
T#3942|33|1|8790|alpino_lc|2591
T#3951|45|1|27270|alpino_lc|4148
T#3960|46|1|1150|alpino_lc|479
T#3961|23|1|590|alpino_lc|268
T#3989|9|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#3996|22|1|2500|alpino_lc|902
T#4015|13|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#4016|9|1|150|alpino_lc|122
T#4023|14|1|3650|alpino_lc|5368
T#4040|18|1|810|alpino_lc|339
T#4043|46|1|24530|alpino_lc|7156
T#4068|26|1|2220|alpino_lc|2128
T#4095|10|1|220|alpino_lc|72
T#4099|13|1|400|alpino_lc|555
T#4116|30|1|1150|alpino_lc|535
T#4125|16|1|460|alpino_lc|100
T#4130|22|1|670|alpino_lc|213
T#4131|24|1|7300|alpino_lc|5569
T#4136|37|1|1370|alpino_lc|536
T#4151|9|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#4156|12|1|390|alpino_lc|240
T#4166|17|1|340|alpino_lc|214
T#4179|10|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#4182|36|1|11670|alpino_lc|2465
T#4191|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|799
T#4201|11|1|230|alpino_lc|46
T#4204|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#4223|12|1|600|alpino_lc|271
T#4248|29|1|3090|alpino_lc|2310
T#4257|18|1|470|alpino_lc|411
T#4272|16|1|530|alpino_lc|238
T#4289|28|1|1990|alpino_lc|2199
T#4292|21|1|1950|alpino_lc|1696
T#4314|12|1|200|alpino_lc|129
T#4341|28|1|2540|alpino_lc|2148
T#4344|23|1|8600|alpino_lc|4170
T#4358|20|1|790|alpino_lc|441
T#4360|15|1|950|alpino_lc|491
T#4372|21|1|2050|alpino_lc|1461
T#4382|10|1|330|alpino_lc|191
T#4407|23|1|520|alpino_lc|463
T#4410|18|1|470|alpino_lc|322
T#4452|18|1|1630|alpino_lc|853
T#4458|15|1|250|alpino_lc|107
T#4462|8|1|70|alpino_lc|48
T#4483|23|1|1190|alpino_lc|576
T#4484|23|1|1380|alpino_lc|2061
T#4485|23|1|2920|alpino_lc|2722
T#4492|11|1|910|alpino_lc|1048
T#4499|26|1|2220|alpino_lc|2540
T#4504|40|1|5830|alpino_lc|8604
T#4511|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#4516|12|1|1570|alpino_lc|1885
T#4546|19|1|700|alpino_lc|206
T#4556|8|1|550|alpino_lc|879
T#4558|20|1|720|alpino_lc|509
T#4570|23|1|800|alpino_lc|476
T#4573|13|1|480|alpino_lc|290
T#4587|34|1|14850|alpino_lc|7488
T#4589|10|1|380|alpino_lc|232
T#4599|17|1|740|alpino_lc|280
T#4600|27|1|4350|alpino_lc|1985
T#4603|14|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#4606|20|1|870|alpino_lc|322
T#4612|9|1|120|alpino_lc|97
T#4616|6|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#4622|18|1|680|alpino_lc|580
T#4644|8|1|180|alpino_lc|39
T#4661|31|1|5880|alpino_lc|3384
T#4665|13|1|2760|alpino_lc|2299
T#4680|21|1|920|alpino_lc|172
T#4684|26|1|2160|alpino_lc|1158
T#4686|28|1|3790|alpino_lc|3710
T#4688|11|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#4709|7|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#4710|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|800
T#4739|28|1|7130|alpino_lc|3209
T#4763|14|1|530|alpino_lc|352
T#4785|12|1|500|alpino_lc|586
T#4787|28|1|3340|alpino_lc|1337
T#4788|35|1|5030|alpino_lc|5985
T#4800|25|1|12750|alpino_lc|14158
T#4805|40|1|3330|alpino_lc|3983
T#4811|20|1|340|alpino_lc|176
T#4834|22|1|4170|alpino_lc|2993
T#4847|26|1|470|alpino_lc|123
T#4852|17|1|740|alpino_lc|221
T#4860|17|1|610|alpino_lc|700
T#4865|20|1|1500|alpino_lc|1240
T#4872|35|1|980|alpino_lc|685
T#4880|22|1|870|alpino_lc|778
T#4889|21|1|1210|alpino_lc|1059
T#4894|20|1|2140|alpino_lc|1657
T#4896|25|1|35950|alpino_lc|54703
T#4900|9|1|250|alpino_lc|127
T#4902|18|1|430|alpino_lc|198
T#4905|18|1|740|alpino_lc|489
T#4930|5|1|230|alpino_lc|53
T#4934|28|1|6470|alpino_lc|9505
T#4935|23|1|700|alpino_lc|463
T#4943|24|1|730|alpino_lc|156
T#4965|22|1|460|alpino_lc|438
T#4985|16|1|430|alpino_lc|309
T#4989|15|1|210|alpino_lc|96
T#5020|12|1|290|alpino_lc|175
T#5043|44|1|6420|alpino_lc|2636
T#5054|29|1|10780|alpino_lc|11415
T#5066|20|1|5260|alpino_lc|1935
T#5067|34|1|9970|alpino_lc|2037
T#5068|38|1|31950|alpino_lc|2788
T#5070|19|1|1090|alpino_lc|886
T#5108|7|1|90|alpino_lc|82
T#5111|29|1|1180|alpino_lc|1136
T#5114|13|1|330|alpino_lc|235
T#5124|22|1|8040|alpino_lc|6037
T#5125|11|1|470|alpino_lc|530
T#5140|18|1|4610|alpino_lc|2643
T#5141|26|1|1730|alpino_lc|1860
T#5151|22|1|5950|alpino_lc|1837
T#5152|32|1|660|alpino_lc|375
T#5166|15|1|550|alpino_lc|261
T#5179|25|1|3000|alpino_lc|1861
T#5185|16|1|290|alpino_lc|89
T#5204|14|1|1280|alpino_lc|565
T#5221|24|1|6230|alpino_lc|2065
T#5225|18|1|440|alpino_lc|194
T#5234|6|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#5272|12|1|520|alpino_lc|383
T#5276|29|1|3370|alpino_lc|1806
T#5282|23|1|900|alpino_lc|596
T#5285|10|1|240|alpino_lc|217
T#5289|47|1|9660|alpino_lc|3141
T#5295|17|1|540|alpino_lc|130
T#5310|24|1|810|alpino_lc|433
T#5325|17|1|720|alpino_lc|307
T#5334|17|1|5010|alpino_lc|1765
T#5342|13|1|640|alpino_lc|746
T#5348|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|1750
T#5355|20|1|2140|alpino_lc|1781
T#5357|11|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#5364|38|1|3070|alpino_lc|3144
T#5376|20|1|13570|alpino_lc|4372
T#5394|15|1|230|alpino_lc|86
T#5399|31|1|7690|alpino_lc|7155
T#5411|15|1|540|alpino_lc|91
T#5461|10|1|230|alpino_lc|300
T#5474|20|1|450|alpino_lc|153
T#5478|17|1|520|alpino_lc|134
T#5488|6|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#5495|4|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#5508|32|1|1880|alpino_lc|1972
T#5509|13|1|520|alpino_lc|272
T#5522|9|1|270|alpino_lc|62
T#5528|31|1|9360|alpino_lc|4090
T#5530|31|1|4410|alpino_lc|1369
T#5544|25|1|5040|alpino_lc|4697
T#5545|15|1|340|alpino_lc|156
T#5553|18|1|300|alpino_lc|186
T#5560|27|1|3500|alpino_lc|3621
T#5592|27|1|2440|alpino_lc|441
T#5602|14|1|220|alpino_lc|143
T#5608|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|985
T#5626|17|1|1200|alpino_lc|647
T#5628|31|1|2510|alpino_lc|1417
T#5652|12|1|1200|alpino_lc|1606
T#5666|28|1|5250|alpino_lc|4384
T#5668|40|1|14700|alpino_lc|5267
T#5670|3|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#5672|9|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#5677|11|1|270|alpino_lc|81
T#5693|28|1|13720|alpino_lc|4802
T#5695|13|1|37230|alpino_lc|1740
T#5697|31|1|14760|alpino_lc|5052
T#5739|23|1|2040|alpino_lc|496
T#5746|30|1|3900|alpino_lc|2113
T#5756|36|1|1970|alpino_lc|1344
T#5758|8|1|440|alpino_lc|348
T#5834|11|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#5852|10|1|460|alpino_lc|169
T#5866|21|1|2330|alpino_lc|2048
T#5883|12|1|340|alpino_lc|160
T#5909|14|1|210|alpino_lc|67
T#5912|10|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#5924|17|1|150|alpino_lc|45
T#5925|23|1|860|alpino_lc|572
T#5929|37|1|4740|alpino_lc|2360
T#5932|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|243
T#5934|14|1|920|alpino_lc|503
T#5949|9|1|140|alpino_lc|90
T#5958|23|1|1110|alpino_lc|387
T#5973|19|1|1460|alpino_lc|1370
T#5983|26|1|4240|alpino_lc|3209
T#6002|13|1|700|alpino_lc|441
T#6008|11|1|220|alpino_lc|163
T#6009|9|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#6016|15|1|620|alpino_lc|231
T#6030|9|1|240|alpino_lc|306
T#6037|32|1|1620|alpino_lc|1180
T#6041|28|1|2430|alpino_lc|1719
T#6049|8|1|130|alpino_lc|180
T#6060|10|1|530|alpino_lc|340
T#6068|22|1|1190|alpino_lc|938
T#6083|21|1|280|alpino_lc|73
T#6091|14|1|450|alpino_lc|232
T#6096|18|1|1490|alpino_lc|1854
T#6101|29|1|3550|alpino_lc|1702
T#6120|22|1|2420|alpino_lc|1761
T#6147|18|1|1620|alpino_lc|1445
T#6174|34|1|3810|alpino_lc|1307
T#6185|19|1|1020|alpino_lc|351
T#6195|35|1|2130|alpino_lc|406
T#6205|22|1|1710|alpino_lc|2099
T#6210|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|801
T#6212|7|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#6213|7|1|50|alpino_lc|37
T#6216|34|1|7230|alpino_lc|8399
T#6218|17|1|850|alpino_lc|193
T#6254|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|1315
T#6255|5|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#6261|32|1|1340|alpino_lc|552
T#6276|32|1|16980|alpino_lc|5918
T#6304|35|1|7260|alpino_lc|6062
T#6315|11|1|140|alpino_lc|71
T#6343|11|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#6348|42|1|28680|alpino_lc|10570
T#6359|7|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#6383|20|1|1300|alpino_lc|989
T#6393|57|1|12100|alpino_lc|5833
T#6394|8|1|220|alpino_lc|165
T#6400|36|1|7320|alpino_lc|2029
T#6436|12|1|490|alpino_lc|177
T#6447|12|1|1010|alpino_lc|833
T#6461|16|1|210|alpino_lc|109
T#6478|22|1|670|alpino_lc|338
T#6489|12|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#6499|13|1|650|alpino_lc|658
T#6514|45|1|27030|alpino_lc|8407
T#6518|25|1|22230|alpino_lc|12881
T#6534|17|1|520|alpino_lc|272
T#6540|30|1|620|alpino_lc|161
T#6542|27|1|32500|alpino_lc|10599
T#6550|29|1|13660|alpino_lc|5276
T#6564|34|1|4370|alpino_lc|267
T#6575|50|1|20990|alpino_lc|5135
T#6579|40|1|2090|alpino_lc|1482
T#6580|14|1|320|alpino_lc|438
T#6594|23|1|6300|alpino_lc|6659
T#6604|27|1|1810|alpino_lc|1588
T#6605|44|1|22210|alpino_lc|4075
T#6615|18|1|770|alpino_lc|592
T#6634|31|1|3210|alpino_lc|1153
T#6638|16|1|720|alpino_lc|1152
T#6643|22|1|2710|alpino_lc|1269
T#6649|10|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#6652|19|1|7030|alpino_lc|3411
T#6657|8|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#6670|11|1|1150|alpino_lc|791
T#6686|30|1|12510|alpino_lc|7023
T#6692|15|1|550|alpino_lc|179
T#6695|13|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#6701|30|1|2160|alpino_lc|1538
T#6706|40|1|2390|alpino_lc|2772
T#6711|39|1|17870|alpino_lc|9641
T#6714|18|1|490|alpino_lc|332
T#6716|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|924
T#6723|15|1|4150|alpino_lc|2661
T#6734|37|1|14870|alpino_lc|9227
T#6743|14|1|440|alpino_lc|585
T#6748|22|1|690|alpino_lc|156
T#6754|32|1|3560|alpino_lc|2087
T#6755|23|1|8420|alpino_lc|5887
T#6775|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#6783|20|1|1630|alpino_lc|1161
T#6788|32|1|18080|alpino_lc|10452
T#6814|22|1|2640|alpino_lc|741
T#6826|23|1|2180|alpino_lc|1578
T#6829|14|1|920|alpino_lc|573
T#6830|24|1|57270|alpino_lc|1683
T#6835|27|1|13580|alpino_lc|2530
T#6840|10|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#6843|8|1|110|alpino_lc|94
T#6855|30|1|2490|alpino_lc|730
T#6863|16|1|1880|alpino_lc|1119
T#6864|13|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#6867|7|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#6868|18|1|690|alpino_lc|297
T#6877|23|1|1890|alpino_lc|783
T#6878|15|1|430|alpino_lc|159
T#6883|10|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#6892|20|1|460|alpino_lc|283
T#6896|15|1|790|alpino_lc|664
T#6899|29|1|520|alpino_lc|319
T#6926|18|1|2200|alpino_lc|3378
T#6936|10|1|180|alpino_lc|68
T#6958|9|1|500|alpino_lc|66
T#6964|15|1|280|alpino_lc|258
T#6967|38|1|11120|alpino_lc|6397
T#7007|11|1|330|alpino_lc|233
T#7037|22|1|4350|alpino_lc|1309
T#7041|20|1|660|alpino_lc|141
T#7062|31|1|4220|alpino_lc|1510
T#7066|23|1|810|alpino_lc|664
T#7070|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|1364
T#7077|5|1|100|alpino_lc|135
T#7079|9|1|260|alpino_lc|246
T#7085|39|1|46890|alpino_lc|21040
T#7086|10|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#7099|15|1|460|alpino_lc|591
T#7132|22|1|1530|alpino_lc|1089
T#7135|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#7140|32|1|720|alpino_lc|198
