cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 33160 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 18730 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4950 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 8650 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 30460 msec
cputime total 26690 msec
cputime total 50540 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 8310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 40110 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 41750 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 22320 msec
cputime total 11250 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 15030 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 16050 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 11500 msec
cputime total 28990 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 25190 msec
cputime total 40980 msec
cputime total 69610 msec
cputime total 59540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 14560 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 15320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 15520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 8110 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 48520 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 6750 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 30290 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 129080 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7710 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 14220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 17770 msec
cputime total 27960 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 26900 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5770 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 12120 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 21060 msec
cputime total 36630 msec
cputime total 28950 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 12230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
T#1|7|4|270|alpino_lc|156
T#2|9|2|230|alpino_lc|112
T#3|6|6|150|alpino_lc|85
T#4|9|73|810|alpino_lc|323
T#5|8|22|1380|alpino_lc|662
T#6|10|8|760|alpino_lc|285
T#7|11|20|1250|alpino_lc|725
T#8|6|2|170|alpino_lc|69
T#9|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#10|4|2|50|alpino_lc|9
T#11|5|6|110|alpino_lc|23
T#12|4|3|60|alpino_lc|12
T#13|7|34|200|alpino_lc|43
T#14|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#15|13|52|4790|alpino_lc|1315
T#16|9|4|650|alpino_lc|655
T#17|10|56|970|alpino_lc|769
T#18|7|3|100|alpino_lc|49
T#19|5|2|160|alpino_lc|30
T#20|8|30|640|alpino_lc|118
T#21|7|1|760|alpino_lc|150
T#22|5|4|240|alpino_lc|62
T#23|7|3|290|alpino_lc|135
T#24|6|2|190|alpino_lc|62
T#25|5|1|210|alpino_lc|100
T#26|6|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#27|6|1|110|alpino_lc|60
T#28|7|5|240|alpino_lc|145
T#29|7|4|330|alpino_lc|222
T#30|6|2|210|alpino_lc|158
T#31|10|2|810|alpino_lc|390
T#32|9|2|480|alpino_lc|164
T#33|5|2|40|alpino_lc|11
T#34|8|34|1390|alpino_lc|399
T#35|10|23|1690|alpino_lc|581
T#36|7|23|710|alpino_lc|181
T#37|13|36|5570|alpino_lc|2807
T#38|8|78|1740|alpino_lc|643
T#39|8|5|640|alpino_lc|340
T#41|5|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#42|7|2|470|alpino_lc|472
T#43|7|2|350|alpino_lc|294
T#44|7|4|560|alpino_lc|398
T#45|7|4|390|alpino_lc|206
T#46|8|2|320|alpino_lc|109
T#47|9|2|530|alpino_lc|220
T#48|8|42|3170|alpino_lc|1112
T#49|7|4|90|alpino_lc|39
T#50|10|93|2150|alpino_lc|736
T#51|9|62|3540|alpino_lc|850
T#52|8|3|1000|alpino_lc|349
T#53|8|2|270|alpino_lc|57
T#54|11|1|240|alpino_lc|251
T#55|6|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#56|4|2|30|alpino_lc|10
T#57|4|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#58|4|4|80|alpino_lc|28
T#59|10|112|870|alpino_lc|251
T#60|11|92|690|alpino_lc|234
T#61|10|17|550|alpino_lc|200
T#62|6|2|160|alpino_lc|69
T#63|12|18|340|alpino_lc|175
T#64|10|34|380|alpino_lc|208
T#65|11|50|450|alpino_lc|277
T#66|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#67|10|2|270|alpino_lc|219
T#68|8|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#69|9|5|600|alpino_lc|250
T#70|6|2|230|alpino_lc|40
T#71|6|16|670|alpino_lc|321
T#72|11|166|33160|alpino_lc|4565
T#73|11|8|1940|alpino_lc|1510
T#74|7|4|60|alpino_lc|39
T#75|7|1|140|alpino_lc|83
T#76|7|10|980|alpino_lc|298
T#77|6|15|590|alpino_lc|150
T#78|6|2|120|alpino_lc|50
T#79|7|10|340|alpino_lc|115
T#80|8|6|240|alpino_lc|78
T#81|7|4|280|alpino_lc|101
T#82|6|2|310|alpino_lc|102
T#83|9|31|520|alpino_lc|130
T#84|7|2|280|alpino_lc|85
T#85|9|1|300|alpino_lc|106
T#86|10|8|1150|alpino_lc|317
T#87|8|24|920|alpino_lc|483
T#88|12|18|18730|alpino_lc|960
T#89|9|15|520|alpino_lc|308
T#90|8|14|910|alpino_lc|357
T#91|14|243|3260|alpino_lc|290
T#92|6|30|270|alpino_lc|111
T#93|5|5|440|alpino_lc|195
T#94|5|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#95|4|6|110|alpino_lc|42
T#96|6|3|110|alpino_lc|18
T#97|4|3|60|alpino_lc|21
T#98|4|3|60|alpino_lc|11
T#99|5|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#100|4|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#101|8|6|170|alpino_lc|42
T#102|13|271|2280|alpino_lc|240
T#103|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#104|11|34|820|alpino_lc|249
T#105|6|13|1760|alpino_lc|367
T#106|6|2|130|alpino_lc|27
T#107|7|10|170|alpino_lc|58
T#108|5|2|30|alpino_lc|9
T#109|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#110|5|4|110|alpino_lc|31
T#111|6|6|180|alpino_lc|43
T#112|5|2|220|alpino_lc|29
T#113|6|6|260|alpino_lc|45
T#114|9|7|290|alpino_lc|59
T#115|7|77|2720|alpino_lc|903
T#116|7|17|920|alpino_lc|388
T#117|10|18|610|alpino_lc|468
T#118|11|2|300|alpino_lc|184
T#119|11|186|4950|alpino_lc|2396
T#120|12|34|1070|alpino_lc|275
T#121|7|36|3320|alpino_lc|441
T#122|7|2|180|alpino_lc|48
T#123|8|10|190|alpino_lc|68
T#124|8|1|660|alpino_lc|230
T#125|6|24|520|alpino_lc|189
T#126|6|4|240|alpino_lc|68
T#127|4|2|110|alpino_lc|19
T#129|4|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#130|3|3|110|alpino_lc|17
T#131|4|4|180|alpino_lc|44
T#132|3|3|110|alpino_lc|17
T#133|3|4|230|alpino_lc|40
T#134|4|10|480|alpino_lc|63
T#135|6|15|310|alpino_lc|128
T#136|7|3|270|alpino_lc|62
T#137|3|2|40|alpino_lc|13
T#138|8|6|390|alpino_lc|174
T#139|5|9|480|alpino_lc|236
T#140|5|5|150|alpino_lc|48
T#141|10|16|1060|alpino_lc|358
T#142|7|2|220|alpino_lc|39
T#143|8|4|760|alpino_lc|298
T#144|5|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#145|8|9|820|alpino_lc|578
T#146|9|44|4600|alpino_lc|1906
T#147|7|34|560|alpino_lc|127
T#148|9|98|980|alpino_lc|338
T#149|9|28|1050|alpino_lc|457
T#150|9|4|2480|alpino_lc|174
T#151|8|2|340|alpino_lc|212
T#152|7|2|630|alpino_lc|207
T#153|5|4|200|alpino_lc|120
T#154|6|2|330|alpino_lc|273
T#155|3|2|30|alpino_lc|12
T#156|4|2|50|alpino_lc|30
T#157|5|2|90|alpino_lc|71
T#158|4|2|40|alpino_lc|36
T#159|4|3|130|alpino_lc|92
T#160|5|3|190|alpino_lc|176
T#161|5|9|470|alpino_lc|78
T#162|4|2|240|alpino_lc|54
T#163|4|2|180|alpino_lc|25
T#164|6|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#165|6|3|110|alpino_lc|40
T#166|5|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#167|5|2|70|alpino_lc|16
T#168|8|4|540|alpino_lc|145
T#169|8|2|360|alpino_lc|104
T#170|7|2|370|alpino_lc|202
T#171|8|3|240|alpino_lc|112
T#172|7|9|480|alpino_lc|274
T#173|8|22|1690|alpino_lc|772
T#174|10|2|440|alpino_lc|231
T#175|4|7|90|alpino_lc|36
T#176|5|9|130|alpino_lc|66
T#177|6|7|240|alpino_lc|94
T#178|7|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#179|12|45|3590|alpino_lc|1283
T#180|10|125|2590|alpino_lc|1057
T#181|4|10|150|alpino_lc|64
T#182|4|4|130|alpino_lc|30
T#183|5|20|610|alpino_lc|313
T#184|8|6|400|alpino_lc|364
T#185|8|6|380|alpino_lc|364
T#186|8|6|950|alpino_lc|707
T#187|8|17|820|alpino_lc|628
T#188|9|28|2680|alpino_lc|2703
T#189|7|20|360|alpino_lc|156
T#190|9|44|860|alpino_lc|308
T#191|7|5|120|alpino_lc|55
T#192|12|84|3050|alpino_lc|710
T#193|16|125|9980|alpino_lc|1356
T#194|9|108|3120|alpino_lc|623
T#195|7|31|2360|alpino_lc|436
T#196|7|4|180|alpino_lc|40
T#197|9|5|630|alpino_lc|211
T#198|8|29|1360|alpino_lc|545
T#199|9|4|780|alpino_lc|236
T#200|6|16|830|alpino_lc|165
T#201|6|3|130|alpino_lc|44
T#202|12|76|2660|alpino_lc|537
T#203|6|18|1360|alpino_lc|752
T#204|6|10|930|alpino_lc|321
T#205|9|8|490|alpino_lc|210
T#206|8|5|210|alpino_lc|119
T#207|8|36|400|alpino_lc|240
T#208|7|1|420|alpino_lc|159
T#209|9|16|2540|alpino_lc|503
T#210|6|3|110|alpino_lc|92
T#211|6|3|140|alpino_lc|111
T#212|6|8|160|alpino_lc|71
T#213|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#214|5|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#215|7|13|990|alpino_lc|427
T#216|4|9|150|alpino_lc|80
T#217|5|14|310|alpino_lc|150
T#218|5|2|90|alpino_lc|93
T#219|4|1|60|alpino_lc|53
T#220|7|1|210|alpino_lc|60
T#221|7|2|350|alpino_lc|253
T#222|5|4|510|alpino_lc|107
T#223|7|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#224|8|8|190|alpino_lc|78
T#225|10|4|910|alpino_lc|465
T#226|6|8|320|alpino_lc|183
T#227|7|8|490|alpino_lc|133
T#228|10|2|220|alpino_lc|98
T#229|9|2|140|alpino_lc|78
T#230|8|2|1700|alpino_lc|537
T#231|8|6|2070|alpino_lc|579
T#232|7|8|1520|alpino_lc|419
T#233|10|1|6460|alpino_lc|864
T#234|10|5|2910|alpino_lc|881
T#235|9|1|870|alpino_lc|421
T#236|13|1|8550|alpino_lc|992
T#237|8|19|940|alpino_lc|244
T#238|8|7|680|alpino_lc|222
T#239|10|7|820|alpino_lc|352
T#240|10|8|770|alpino_lc|331
T#241|8|6|330|alpino_lc|192
T#242|8|20|460|alpino_lc|221
T#243|10|1|290|alpino_lc|124
T#244|9|94|1540|alpino_lc|488
T#245|5|7|180|alpino_lc|68
T#246|6|5|150|alpino_lc|63
T#247|13|70|3070|alpino_lc|737
T#248|9|10|2120|alpino_lc|299
T#249|9|10|490|alpino_lc|601
T#250|10|3|360|alpino_lc|216
T#251|11|6|850|alpino_lc|553
T#252|7|8|370|alpino_lc|175
T#253|8|69|650|alpino_lc|265
T#254|9|2|170|alpino_lc|87
T#255|7|2|150|alpino_lc|79
T#256|6|1|300|alpino_lc|177
T#257|6|6|260|alpino_lc|169
T#258|7|3|280|alpino_lc|105
T#259|8|1|300|alpino_lc|228
T#260|8|1|640|alpino_lc|189
T#261|4|2|50|alpino_lc|8
T#262|8|1|350|alpino_lc|155
T#263|9|1|420|alpino_lc|79
T#264|9|6|260|alpino_lc|81
T#265|10|4|290|alpino_lc|89
T#266|7|18|900|alpino_lc|171
T#267|7|33|1120|alpino_lc|238
T#268|7|11|220|alpino_lc|78
T#269|7|47|1180|alpino_lc|225
T#270|6|7|180|alpino_lc|46
T#271|5|34|390|alpino_lc|82
T#272|6|6|310|alpino_lc|80
T#273|10|6|570|alpino_lc|204
T#274|11|14|920|alpino_lc|291
T#275|9|6|280|alpino_lc|132
T#276|10|7|640|alpino_lc|456
T#277|3|2|90|alpino_lc|27
T#278|7|7|460|alpino_lc|111
T#279|7|11|1100|alpino_lc|312
T#280|4|2|50|alpino_lc|19
T#281|4|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#282|6|7|190|alpino_lc|55
T#283|6|4|480|alpino_lc|345
T#284|7|18|560|alpino_lc|507
T#285|7|9|490|alpino_lc|253
T#286|9|2|900|alpino_lc|487
T#287|8|7|990|alpino_lc|442
T#288|10|25|2020|alpino_lc|1730
T#289|10|43|8650|alpino_lc|1801
T#290|7|17|1640|alpino_lc|760
T#291|8|42|3340|alpino_lc|1124
T#292|10|54|1300|alpino_lc|801
T#293|11|2|620|alpino_lc|580
T#294|4|13|110|alpino_lc|25
T#295|10|13|1200|alpino_lc|592
T#296|8|21|1180|alpino_lc|465
T#297|8|3|180|alpino_lc|76
T#298|10|128|2820|alpino_lc|415
T#299|10|1141|30460|alpino_lc|1827
T#300|10|2908|26690|alpino_lc|2679
T#301|12|3463|50540|alpino_lc|3777
T#302|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#303|7|8|700|alpino_lc|365
T#304|8|16|4580|alpino_lc|1800
T#305|6|10|740|alpino_lc|155
T#306|6|10|1060|alpino_lc|275
T#307|8|80|5680|alpino_lc|1650
T#308|8|64|5740|alpino_lc|918
T#309|12|12|550|alpino_lc|287
T#310|13|24|1070|alpino_lc|417
T#311|11|6|160|alpino_lc|79
T#312|7|2|120|alpino_lc|41
T#313|11|54|870|alpino_lc|442
T#314|12|68|1620|alpino_lc|487
T#315|14|8|1610|alpino_lc|403
T#316|13|12|680|alpino_lc|358
T#317|11|70|860|alpino_lc|311
T#318|6|1|110|alpino_lc|71
T#319|6|2|640|alpino_lc|419
T#320|7|4|380|alpino_lc|141
T#321|7|23|920|alpino_lc|687
T#322|8|1|440|alpino_lc|168
T#323|13|8|1820|alpino_lc|249
T#324|8|1|440|alpino_lc|295
T#325|8|36|1420|alpino_lc|572
T#326|5|3|90|alpino_lc|59
T#327|9|7|830|alpino_lc|553
T#328|9|18|2460|alpino_lc|461
T#329|6|3|170|alpino_lc|97
T#330|8|5|230|alpino_lc|128
T#331|6|3|210|alpino_lc|66
T#332|6|6|190|alpino_lc|64
T#333|8|13|1510|alpino_lc|1039
T#334|9|4|620|alpino_lc|252
T#335|7|1|320|alpino_lc|130
T#336|9|24|2120|alpino_lc|463
T#337|11|112|8310|alpino_lc|1870
T#338|7|1|160|alpino_lc|85
T#339|10|45|4530|alpino_lc|1593
T#340|6|1|210|alpino_lc|44
T#341|8|11|410|alpino_lc|131
T#342|7|18|220|alpino_lc|83
T#343|7|5|130|alpino_lc|61
T#344|9|39|2620|alpino_lc|887
T#345|6|1|50|alpino_lc|36
T#346|14|2258|7850|alpino_lc|625
T#347|6|3|120|alpino_lc|45
T#348|6|4|340|alpino_lc|159
T#349|8|6|300|alpino_lc|299
T#350|7|7|160|alpino_lc|78
T#351|7|2|130|alpino_lc|59
T#352|11|15|530|alpino_lc|277
T#353|10|14|980|alpino_lc|265
T#354|7|1|200|alpino_lc|46
T#355|9|8|410|alpino_lc|214
T#356|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#357|4|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#358|3|2|160|alpino_lc|50
T#359|9|18|1060|alpino_lc|682
T#360|8|4|770|alpino_lc|735
T#361|11|4|960|alpino_lc|881
T#362|10|8|880|alpino_lc|792
T#363|10|10|580|alpino_lc|489
T#364|9|28|690|alpino_lc|512
T#365|7|8|240|alpino_lc|119
T#366|8|3|290|alpino_lc|114
T#367|9|14|550|alpino_lc|303
T#368|9|1|170|alpino_lc|56
T#369|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#370|10|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#371|8|1|290|alpino_lc|106
T#372|7|1|220|alpino_lc|57
T#373|7|11|280|alpino_lc|126
T#374|8|10|560|alpino_lc|343
T#375|9|4|510|alpino_lc|230
T#376|10|37|1190|alpino_lc|397
T#377|5|6|140|alpino_lc|58
T#378|6|5|250|alpino_lc|120
T#379|6|10|340|alpino_lc|87
T#380|8|10|480|alpino_lc|121
T#381|5|3|120|alpino_lc|30
T#382|7|9|450|alpino_lc|211
T#383|5|4|240|alpino_lc|49
T#384|8|5|860|alpino_lc|524
T#385|10|97|3380|alpino_lc|1607
T#386|9|1|360|alpino_lc|117
T#387|11|12|710|alpino_lc|389
T#388|10|25|1560|alpino_lc|913
T#389|10|20|1560|alpino_lc|641
T#390|8|1|210|alpino_lc|86
T#391|10|23|5500|alpino_lc|1166
T#392|8|11|2380|alpino_lc|556
T#393|9|15|2210|alpino_lc|281
T#394|9|42|6560|alpino_lc|1442
T#395|11|109|40110|alpino_lc|3567
T#396|7|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#397|10|9|1530|alpino_lc|443
T#398|13|4|730|alpino_lc|656
T#399|6|5|200|alpino_lc|121
T#400|12|860|2590|alpino_lc|809
T#401|6|11|460|alpino_lc|417
T#402|7|1|470|alpino_lc|235
T#403|11|3|1650|alpino_lc|792
T#404|11|16|410|alpino_lc|90
T#405|15|15|1450|alpino_lc|558
T#406|8|24|620|alpino_lc|337
T#407|6|2|230|alpino_lc|168
T#408|8|19|720|alpino_lc|185
T#409|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#410|5|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#411|6|4|190|alpino_lc|102
T#412|6|4|50|alpino_lc|17
T#413|6|4|60|alpino_lc|21
T#414|5|4|60|alpino_lc|20
T#415|3|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#416|6|5|280|alpino_lc|59
T#417|9|7|490|alpino_lc|154
T#418|10|8|580|alpino_lc|172
T#419|13|36|1680|alpino_lc|363
T#420|12|16|510|alpino_lc|202
T#421|7|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#422|8|34|1180|alpino_lc|555
T#423|18|3099|41750|alpino_lc|9498
T#424|12|64|1280|alpino_lc|275
T#425|8|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#426|6|2|100|alpino_lc|34
T#427|6|2|190|alpino_lc|64
T#428|6|1|310|alpino_lc|94
T#429|7|1|890|alpino_lc|220
T#430|8|2|220|alpino_lc|60
T#431|4|6|170|alpino_lc|69
T#432|7|45|2190|alpino_lc|620
T#433|6|6|460|alpino_lc|115
T#434|9|49|1060|alpino_lc|633
T#435|8|28|890|alpino_lc|613
T#436|6|3|320|alpino_lc|109
T#437|10|33|2660|alpino_lc|1035
T#438|7|7|450|alpino_lc|89
T#439|8|10|650|alpino_lc|111
T#440|7|4|460|alpino_lc|87
T#441|8|8|580|alpino_lc|108
T#442|4|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#443|7|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#444|7|13|580|alpino_lc|414
T#445|8|38|900|alpino_lc|442
T#446|11|20|1420|alpino_lc|233
T#447|8|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#448|5|2|60|alpino_lc|51
T#449|5|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#450|8|9|220|alpino_lc|53
T#451|10|28|940|alpino_lc|402
T#452|11|3|250|alpino_lc|98
T#453|6|2|120|alpino_lc|42
T#454|7|1|250|alpino_lc|88
T#455|12|10|700|alpino_lc|142
T#456|9|2|210|alpino_lc|161
T#457|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#458|8|4|240|alpino_lc|217
T#459|8|4|460|alpino_lc|409
T#460|12|280|22320|alpino_lc|5544
T#461|9|415|11250|alpino_lc|920
T#462|12|15|1340|alpino_lc|303
T#463|12|27|1550|alpino_lc|344
T#464|10|6|480|alpino_lc|130
T#465|11|6|700|alpino_lc|184
T#466|10|6|500|alpino_lc|146
T#467|11|6|700|alpino_lc|199
T#468|9|28|810|alpino_lc|231
T#469|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#470|9|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#471|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#472|11|5|910|alpino_lc|197
T#473|5|4|280|alpino_lc|134
T#474|12|190|15030|alpino_lc|4889
T#475|10|389|3750|alpino_lc|709
T#476|7|67|2200|alpino_lc|995
T#477|5|23|1350|alpino_lc|450
T#478|10|222|16050|alpino_lc|5425
T#479|5|13|70|alpino_lc|27
T#480|8|17|2200|alpino_lc|582
T#481|4|2|170|alpino_lc|63
T#482|4|1|320|alpino_lc|92
T#483|8|32|740|alpino_lc|235
T#484|8|32|700|alpino_lc|235
T#485|8|6|320|alpino_lc|103
T#486|9|16|530|alpino_lc|197
T#487|9|2|250|alpino_lc|45
T#488|10|17|370|alpino_lc|140
T#489|13|38|1110|alpino_lc|1168
T#490|12|10|540|alpino_lc|554
T#491|9|8|160|alpino_lc|69
T#492|10|23|290|alpino_lc|297
T#493|9|3|370|alpino_lc|112
T#494|10|13|800|alpino_lc|344
T#495|5|2|110|alpino_lc|26
T#496|6|18|260|alpino_lc|80
T#497|8|2|250|alpino_lc|156
T#498|9|60|750|alpino_lc|375
T#499|8|15|1470|alpino_lc|427
T#500|8|2|290|alpino_lc|134
T#501|5|5|70|alpino_lc|31
T#502|5|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#503|5|10|500|alpino_lc|164
T#504|5|2|70|alpino_lc|26
T#505|5|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#506|5|9|110|alpino_lc|42
T#507|4|4|160|alpino_lc|56
T#508|6|8|250|alpino_lc|91
T#509|7|2|340|alpino_lc|47
T#510|8|2|1600|alpino_lc|187
T#511|5|4|160|alpino_lc|70
T#512|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#513|7|12|230|alpino_lc|101
T#514|6|4|190|alpino_lc|69
T#515|7|2|190|alpino_lc|61
T#516|6|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#517|8|2|160|alpino_lc|69
T#518|6|2|290|alpino_lc|56
T#519|7|4|260|alpino_lc|69
T#521|7|5|180|alpino_lc|112
T#522|8|9|210|alpino_lc|111
T#523|8|160|950|alpino_lc|435
T#524|8|15|590|alpino_lc|263
T#525|9|16|380|alpino_lc|188
T#526|15|1275|11500|alpino_lc|2951
T#527|16|3974|28990|alpino_lc|904
T#528|11|23|910|alpino_lc|294
T#529|6|1|200|alpino_lc|35
T#530|7|1|290|alpino_lc|52
T#531|6|12|190|alpino_lc|124
T#532|9|8|470|alpino_lc|328
T#533|7|6|420|alpino_lc|136
T#534|9|14|930|alpino_lc|232
T#535|8|12|410|alpino_lc|145
T#536|6|3|190|alpino_lc|91
T#537|5|3|80|alpino_lc|43
T#538|7|29|3500|alpino_lc|388
T#539|7|22|870|alpino_lc|280
T#540|7|52|2710|alpino_lc|425
T#541|6|2|450|alpino_lc|117
T#542|6|4|150|alpino_lc|39
T#543|10|89|2450|alpino_lc|1681
T#544|6|7|130|alpino_lc|99
T#545|8|30|1140|alpino_lc|565
T#546|8|2|170|alpino_lc|76
T#547|8|39|1530|alpino_lc|516
T#548|8|19|1090|alpino_lc|666
T#549|13|283|25190|alpino_lc|3755
T#550|13|102|40980|alpino_lc|6494
T#551|14|160|69610|alpino_lc|3610
T#552|14|80|59540|alpino_lc|3459
T#553|5|4|100|alpino_lc|35
T#554|5|4|160|alpino_lc|53
T#555|4|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#556|11|15|1320|alpino_lc|403
T#557|5|16|80|alpino_lc|25
T#558|8|20|350|alpino_lc|83
T#559|6|10|210|alpino_lc|121
T#560|6|33|380|alpino_lc|150
T#561|7|69|620|alpino_lc|157
T#562|7|9|430|alpino_lc|140
T#563|6|13|510|alpino_lc|285
T#564|8|76|1340|alpino_lc|635
T#565|11|242|7090|alpino_lc|1817
T#566|6|7|270|alpino_lc|83
T#567|10|58|1610|alpino_lc|410
T#568|6|4|120|alpino_lc|33
T#569|9|62|910|alpino_lc|138
T#570|7|43|1170|alpino_lc|288
T#571|10|261|14560|alpino_lc|1704
T#572|8|104|2220|alpino_lc|859
T#573|8|6|490|alpino_lc|135
T#574|6|81|1400|alpino_lc|865
T#575|9|15|360|alpino_lc|86
T#576|9|12|1680|alpino_lc|914
T#577|7|4|110|alpino_lc|33
T#578|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#579|6|3|650|alpino_lc|178
T#580|7|11|790|alpino_lc|614
T#581|9|24|1210|alpino_lc|816
T#582|10|80|1970|alpino_lc|710
T#583|7|3|220|alpino_lc|71
T#584|8|6|310|alpino_lc|86
T#585|8|9|340|alpino_lc|99
T#586|4|2|50|alpino_lc|17
T#587|6|8|450|alpino_lc|245
T#588|5|12|350|alpino_lc|252
T#589|7|18|970|alpino_lc|159
T#590|6|9|590|alpino_lc|238
T#591|11|15|810|alpino_lc|185
T#592|7|38|1400|alpino_lc|832
T#593|10|11|800|alpino_lc|325
T#594|11|201|1220|alpino_lc|559
T#595|10|24|620|alpino_lc|106
T#596|8|6|210|alpino_lc|47
T#597|9|3|260|alpino_lc|81
T#598|7|4|670|alpino_lc|101
T#599|8|109|3110|alpino_lc|1033
T#600|8|2|120|alpino_lc|51
T#601|11|5|210|alpino_lc|78
T#602|18|3924|15320|alpino_lc|2280
T#603|8|17|210|alpino_lc|36
T#604|18|465|15520|alpino_lc|4795
T#605|6|2|50|alpino_lc|15
T#606|6|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#607|4|2|30|alpino_lc|10
T#608|5|5|90|alpino_lc|29
T#609|6|2|290|alpino_lc|44
T#610|9|13|2510|alpino_lc|882
T#611|7|11|170|alpino_lc|52
T#612|10|14|330|alpino_lc|81
T#613|12|22|580|alpino_lc|186
T#614|5|12|260|alpino_lc|79
T#615|4|3|80|alpino_lc|29
T#616|5|2|160|alpino_lc|57
T#617|9|24|380|alpino_lc|162
T#618|10|5|170|alpino_lc|111
T#619|7|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#620|8|26|280|alpino_lc|49
T#621|10|3|80|alpino_lc|35
T#622|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#623|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#624|7|4|100|alpino_lc|35
T#625|7|3|150|alpino_lc|44
T#626|11|4|210|alpino_lc|61
T#627|10|4|1470|alpino_lc|181
T#628|9|7|280|alpino_lc|88
T#629|10|4|460|alpino_lc|128
T#630|9|5|440|alpino_lc|107
T#631|5|3|130|alpino_lc|26
T#632|14|30|730|alpino_lc|189
T#633|13|162|8110|alpino_lc|726
T#634|16|130|3510|alpino_lc|1146
T#635|12|549|48520|alpino_lc|11707
T#636|10|137|2690|alpino_lc|1665
T#637|10|14|430|alpino_lc|201
T#638|5|5|160|alpino_lc|62
T#639|3|2|30|alpino_lc|13
T#640|8|12|370|alpino_lc|130
T#641|8|1|440|alpino_lc|134
T#642|8|4|1790|alpino_lc|190
T#643|8|8|180|alpino_lc|49
T#644|8|12|410|alpino_lc|147
T#645|8|28|520|alpino_lc|120
T#646|8|2|630|alpino_lc|479
T#647|8|6|530|alpino_lc|375
T#648|8|2|300|alpino_lc|106
T#649|10|17|540|alpino_lc|359
T#650|8|2|190|alpino_lc|60
T#651|9|6|310|alpino_lc|204
T#653|10|103|510|alpino_lc|331
T#654|13|204|1460|alpino_lc|846
T#655|8|1|330|alpino_lc|116
T#656|7|13|200|alpino_lc|84
T#657|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#658|5|11|220|alpino_lc|116
T#659|9|1|660|alpino_lc|359
T#660|8|2|650|alpino_lc|322
T#661|7|1|210|alpino_lc|134
T#662|6|1|180|alpino_lc|117
T#663|9|7|1430|alpino_lc|637
T#664|7|7|760|alpino_lc|309
T#665|11|7|1220|alpino_lc|650
T#666|10|7|2890|alpino_lc|1170
T#667|11|8|780|alpino_lc|394
T#668|12|21|2600|alpino_lc|1460
T#669|11|21|6750|alpino_lc|2027
T#670|13|12|1030|alpino_lc|885
T#671|12|20|1150|alpino_lc|834
T#672|7|2|240|alpino_lc|73
T#673|7|4|190|alpino_lc|89
T#674|5|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#675|11|1|2980|alpino_lc|354
T#676|11|3|30290|alpino_lc|490
T#677|12|3|3490|alpino_lc|595
T#678|13|9|129080|alpino_lc|1402
T#679|12|3|9210|alpino_lc|641
T#680|7|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#681|4|3|20|alpino_lc|9
T#682|9|40|640|alpino_lc|228
T#683|8|2|370|alpino_lc|52
T#684|7|37|470|alpino_lc|175
T#685|11|4|640|alpino_lc|323
T#686|13|866|5120|alpino_lc|1986
T#687|8|26|1040|alpino_lc|409
T#688|9|22|1070|alpino_lc|489
T#689|10|140|1340|alpino_lc|383
T#690|10|42|1430|alpino_lc|368
T#691|9|49|5750|alpino_lc|287
T#692|10|2|770|alpino_lc|279
T#693|11|4|780|alpino_lc|450
T#694|7|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#695|8|5|470|alpino_lc|181
T#696|8|3|760|alpino_lc|262
T#697|7|2|560|alpino_lc|226
T#698|8|6|730|alpino_lc|149
T#699|7|23|390|alpino_lc|405
T#700|9|60|7710|alpino_lc|742
T#701|8|80|2420|alpino_lc|462
T#702|10|12|640|alpino_lc|477
T#703|9|3|430|alpino_lc|98
T#704|7|3|390|alpino_lc|176
T#705|4|2|30|alpino_lc|9
T#706|15|403|4760|alpino_lc|1147
T#707|8|4|170|alpino_lc|58
T#708|9|1|520|alpino_lc|95
T#709|7|8|1170|alpino_lc|439
T#710|10|12|2210|alpino_lc|930
T#711|6|4|770|alpino_lc|190
T#712|6|13|860|alpino_lc|288
T#713|9|10|1850|alpino_lc|658
T#714|7|18|2210|alpino_lc|188
T#715|8|3|3220|alpino_lc|159
T#716|9|12|2520|alpino_lc|392
T#717|6|3|130|alpino_lc|37
T#718|8|33|2600|alpino_lc|387
T#719|9|55|2790|alpino_lc|675
T#720|8|3|250|alpino_lc|117
T#721|7|9|350|alpino_lc|142
T#722|7|7|490|alpino_lc|208
T#724|6|10|250|alpino_lc|191
T#725|7|6|540|alpino_lc|284
T#726|7|4|290|alpino_lc|60
T#727|10|3|750|alpino_lc|124
T#728|5|2|80|alpino_lc|36
T#729|6|7|230|alpino_lc|107
T#730|6|2|120|alpino_lc|72
T#731|5|2|210|alpino_lc|48
T#732|6|2|230|alpino_lc|53
T#733|6|9|70|alpino_lc|21
T#735|11|22|190|alpino_lc|100
T#736|12|118|630|alpino_lc|392
T#737|9|15|710|alpino_lc|211
T#738|11|10|730|alpino_lc|202
T#739|9|33|2080|alpino_lc|280
T#740|12|162|2290|alpino_lc|1336
T#741|6|2|120|alpino_lc|46
T#742|6|2|60|alpino_lc|22
T#743|6|2|70|alpino_lc|25
T#744|8|17|780|alpino_lc|352
T#745|9|22|750|alpino_lc|361
T#746|11|36|2210|alpino_lc|823
T#747|7|9|580|alpino_lc|125
T#748|8|9|670|alpino_lc|192
T#749|7|2|110|alpino_lc|48
T#750|7|2|120|alpino_lc|47
T#751|10|122|4510|alpino_lc|928
T#752|14|114|14220|alpino_lc|1773
T#753|4|2|70|alpino_lc|24
T#754|6|4|220|alpino_lc|76
T#755|10|24|1100|alpino_lc|320
T#756|14|2|2610|alpino_lc|402
T#757|9|24|1040|alpino_lc|319
T#758|13|35|3690|alpino_lc|425
T#759|14|66|2930|alpino_lc|1820
T#760|13|515|17770|alpino_lc|4187
T#761|17|105|27960|alpino_lc|4566
T#762|13|360|1720|alpino_lc|357
T#763|8|59|510|alpino_lc|234
T#764|13|36|2250|alpino_lc|604
T#765|16|31|26900|alpino_lc|4535
T#766|12|4|1840|alpino_lc|567
T#767|14|4|9870|alpino_lc|1115
T#768|8|16|490|alpino_lc|241
T#769|7|1|230|alpino_lc|75
T#770|4|3|50|alpino_lc|19
T#771|7|2|120|alpino_lc|41
T#772|6|3|220|alpino_lc|56
T#773|7|2|350|alpino_lc|471
T#774|6|9|420|alpino_lc|175
T#775|9|28|1870|alpino_lc|978
T#776|7|1|250|alpino_lc|43
T#777|8|1|300|alpino_lc|73
T#778|5|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#779|6|2|100|alpino_lc|58
T#780|7|1|150|alpino_lc|69
T#781|7|2|180|alpino_lc|80
T#782|8|28|1140|alpino_lc|400
T#783|9|10|700|alpino_lc|403
T#784|8|4|300|alpino_lc|162
T#785|7|1|350|alpino_lc|150
T#786|6|3|270|alpino_lc|195
T#787|5|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#788|9|1|230|alpino_lc|156
T#789|9|2|270|alpino_lc|198
T#790|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#791|5|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#792|10|20|550|alpino_lc|376
T#793|10|20|550|alpino_lc|378
T#794|7|20|630|alpino_lc|342
T#795|7|3|220|alpino_lc|65
T#796|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#797|11|39|580|alpino_lc|121
T#798|11|66|3550|alpino_lc|1200
T#799|7|10|190|alpino_lc|67
T#800|8|15|260|alpino_lc|83
T#801|5|2|120|alpino_lc|49
T#802|9|8|170|alpino_lc|73
T#803|6|5|120|alpino_lc|58
T#804|12|234|5770|alpino_lc|1840
T#805|11|14|1980|alpino_lc|1469
T#806|11|10|5800|alpino_lc|2065
T#807|9|46|1700|alpino_lc|413
T#808|10|5|430|alpino_lc|164
T#809|9|7|880|alpino_lc|378
T#810|13|28|1050|alpino_lc|375
T#811|14|129|3720|alpino_lc|847
T#812|9|10|340|alpino_lc|101
T#813|9|24|580|alpino_lc|124
T#814|9|3|140|alpino_lc|101
T#815|12|90|1150|alpino_lc|588
T#816|8|14|2210|alpino_lc|701
T#817|6|18|580|alpino_lc|384
T#818|13|21|3080|alpino_lc|598
T#819|9|239|10290|alpino_lc|3708
T#820|8|78|1080|alpino_lc|335
T#821|8|108|1220|alpino_lc|410
T#822|8|2|310|alpino_lc|128
T#823|7|2|100|alpino_lc|31
T#824|6|2|50|alpino_lc|11
T#825|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#826|8|10|250|alpino_lc|110
T#827|10|24|470|alpino_lc|230
T#828|6|8|220|alpino_lc|88
T#829|6|4|360|alpino_lc|111
T#830|6|1|300|alpino_lc|197
T#831|9|44|1580|alpino_lc|820
T#832|9|41|910|alpino_lc|386
T#833|9|44|1480|alpino_lc|772
T#834|10|290|2370|alpino_lc|1256
T#835|9|74|1570|alpino_lc|1088
T#836|9|26|660|alpino_lc|610
T#837|5|3|110|alpino_lc|37
T#838|8|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#839|9|56|1260|alpino_lc|752
T#840|6|6|570|alpino_lc|266
T#841|6|28|330|alpino_lc|69
T#842|10|108|12120|alpino_lc|1051
T#843|8|4|990|alpino_lc|170
T#844|8|28|1010|alpino_lc|278
T#845|8|16|300|alpino_lc|272
T#846|7|20|580|alpino_lc|188
T#847|6|2|90|alpino_lc|35
T#848|8|10|570|alpino_lc|202
T#849|7|404|4990|alpino_lc|1299
T#850|8|33|21060|alpino_lc|2899
T#851|10|21|36630|alpino_lc|5424
T#852|14|1344|28950|alpino_lc|2256
T#853|8|2|120|alpino_lc|49
T#854|6|42|420|alpino_lc|191
T#855|12|2|1790|alpino_lc|286
T#857|19|266|3050|alpino_lc|1491
T#858|9|598|6850|alpino_lc|1431
T#859|7|44|2140|alpino_lc|735
T#860|6|3|390|alpino_lc|206
T#861|4|8|260|alpino_lc|231
T#862|4|1|80|alpino_lc|72
T#863|8|4|510|alpino_lc|436
T#864|8|3|560|alpino_lc|128
T#865|14|19|2140|alpino_lc|1190
T#866|11|6|660|alpino_lc|441
T#867|17|9|440|alpino_lc|272
T#868|18|232|5450|alpino_lc|2875
T#869|11|15|1040|alpino_lc|712
T#870|13|50|1370|alpino_lc|964
T#871|13|121|7680|alpino_lc|2448
T#873|7|15|380|alpino_lc|288
T#874|8|6|480|alpino_lc|119
T#876|7|4|320|alpino_lc|100
T#877|5|20|110|alpino_lc|113
T#878|7|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#879|5|2|50|alpino_lc|15
T#880|7|10|270|alpino_lc|104
T#881|7|8|250|alpino_lc|119
T#882|5|4|50|alpino_lc|11
T#883|9|18|1180|alpino_lc|642
T#884|8|42|640|alpino_lc|112
T#885|6|2|80|alpino_lc|23
T#886|8|3|180|alpino_lc|131
T#887|8|5|170|alpino_lc|49
T#888|8|404|3180|alpino_lc|491
T#889|8|1|490|alpino_lc|314
T#890|6|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#891|7|1|520|alpino_lc|208
T#892|8|6|710|alpino_lc|251
T#893|8|2|100|alpino_lc|24
T#894|6|6|510|alpino_lc|263
T#895|6|5|170|alpino_lc|112
T#896|8|5|180|alpino_lc|102
T#897|14|68|960|alpino_lc|923
T#898|12|24|1130|alpino_lc|310
T#899|5|2|120|alpino_lc|40
T#900|6|4|200|alpino_lc|59
T#901|5|3|110|alpino_lc|60
T#902|5|15|430|alpino_lc|104
T#903|6|24|910|alpino_lc|265
T#904|9|4|1190|alpino_lc|467
T#905|4|8|240|alpino_lc|59
T#906|7|24|1230|alpino_lc|240
T#907|7|2|210|alpino_lc|89
T#908|7|8|340|alpino_lc|116
T#909|10|96|5430|alpino_lc|2970
T#910|7|14|1510|alpino_lc|689
T#911|10|45|3290|alpino_lc|2785
T#912|8|66|750|alpino_lc|149
T#913|6|42|1000|alpino_lc|329
T#914|4|2|80|alpino_lc|22
T#915|8|66|750|alpino_lc|149
T#916|6|42|980|alpino_lc|329
T#917|8|34|4680|alpino_lc|321
T#918|9|120|9950|alpino_lc|731
T#919|10|56|5140|alpino_lc|357
T#920|5|3|250|alpino_lc|143
T#921|6|2|390|alpino_lc|89
T#922|6|10|490|alpino_lc|117
T#923|9|1|180|alpino_lc|144
T#924|9|5|370|alpino_lc|215
T#925|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#926|7|7|170|alpino_lc|63
T#927|7|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#928|10|12|340|alpino_lc|123
T#929|4|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#930|7|1|650|alpino_lc|469
T#931|7|6|340|alpino_lc|98
T#932|6|2|160|alpino_lc|48
T#933|9|73|630|alpino_lc|185
T#934|7|6|100|alpino_lc|25
T#935|7|2|40|alpino_lc|18
T#936|11|6|150|alpino_lc|44
T#937|9|70|450|alpino_lc|126
T#938|8|24|230|alpino_lc|83
T#939|6|2|60|alpino_lc|44
T#940|13|94|1400|alpino_lc|234
T#941|15|24|4810|alpino_lc|1857
T#942|11|51|610|alpino_lc|447
T#943|13|582|12230|alpino_lc|2256
T#944|6|3|360|alpino_lc|168
T#945|10|110|940|alpino_lc|360
T#946|11|133|1750|alpino_lc|646
T#947|8|7|640|alpino_lc|238
T#948|6|4|130|alpino_lc|74
T#949|9|4|250|alpino_lc|147
T#950|8|1|710|alpino_lc|246
T#951|12|2|860|alpino_lc|271
T#952|12|2|4490|alpino_lc|295
T#953|7|3|200|alpino_lc|40
T#954|6|7|140|alpino_lc|84
T#955|8|1|320|alpino_lc|184
T#956|8|2|270|alpino_lc|88
T#957|9|1|530|alpino_lc|219
T#958|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#959|6|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#960|5|6|150|alpino_lc|45
T#961|5|8|250|alpino_lc|68
T#962|5|2|60|alpino_lc|13
T#963|7|19|160|alpino_lc|120
T#964|12|92|870|alpino_lc|193
T#965|9|239|1630|alpino_lc|496
T#966|4|2|40|alpino_lc|19
T#967|11|18|5650|alpino_lc|533
T#968|12|73|8010|alpino_lc|894
T#969|11|6|590|alpino_lc|346
T#970|10|7|870|alpino_lc|426
T#971|9|15|680|alpino_lc|213
T#972|10|15|680|alpino_lc|247
T#973|9|32|1890|alpino_lc|509
T#974|10|41|1810|alpino_lc|613
T#975|10|195|3890|alpino_lc|1221
T#976|7|4|110|alpino_lc|68
T#977|7|8|140|alpino_lc|67
T#978|7|18|250|alpino_lc|82
T#979|5|4|30|alpino_lc|25
T#980|7|4|100|alpino_lc|48
T#981|7|10|120|alpino_lc|37
T#982|5|4|50|alpino_lc|32
T#983|7|58|1600|alpino_lc|453
T#984|7|31|1190|alpino_lc|320
T#985|5|8|310|alpino_lc|131
T#986|7|81|2000|alpino_lc|400
T#987|7|56|1400|alpino_lc|316
T#988|5|9|300|alpino_lc|122
T#989|7|6|660|alpino_lc|487
T#990|10|2|740|alpino_lc|492
T#991|14|36|3560|alpino_lc|1261
T#992|9|12|450|alpino_lc|348
T#993|9|6|1480|alpino_lc|441
T#994|7|70|2280|alpino_lc|818
T#995|13|6|3760|alpino_lc|1763
T#996|5|12|200|alpino_lc|276
T#997|5|13|80|alpino_lc|55
T#998|5|3|70|alpino_lc|50
T#999|10|2|200|alpino_lc|125
T#1000|10|156|2780|alpino_lc|864
