cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 7050 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 456750 msec
cputime total 14800 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 65000 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 8410 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1934540 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 42380 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 966490 msec
cputime total 8640380 msec
cputime total 261470 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 124640 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 201900 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 111470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
T#1|3|5|80|alpino_lc|7
T#2|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#3|6|22|1100|alpino_lc|259
T#4|3|2|130|alpino_lc|11
T#5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#6|2|2|30|alpino_lc|2
T#7|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#8|3|2|60|alpino_lc|13
T#9|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#10|3|3|40|alpino_lc|5
T#11|13|35|4130|alpino_lc|794
T#12|3|20|400|alpino_lc|75
T#13|11|110|2780|alpino_lc|340
T#14|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#15|5|4|230|alpino_lc|32
T#16|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#17|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#18|4|4|110|alpino_lc|13
T#19|3|7|200|alpino_lc|22
T#20|3|7|190|alpino_lc|22
T#21|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#22|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#23|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#24|1|2|30|alpino_lc|1
T#25|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#26|11|86|7050|alpino_lc|1820
T#27|4|32|370|alpino_lc|75
T#28|5|3|500|alpino_lc|69
T#29|3|2|70|alpino_lc|7
T#30|2|3|60|alpino_lc|4
T#31|7|48|2190|alpino_lc|325
T#32|3|5|90|alpino_lc|14
T#33|4|2|140|alpino_lc|17
T#34|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#35|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#36|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#37|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#38|3|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#39|5|44|640|alpino_lc|45
T#40|4|7|180|alpino_lc|18
T#41|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#42|7|34|3540|alpino_lc|454
T#43|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#44|6|13|750|alpino_lc|180
T#45|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#46|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#47|2|2|80|alpino_lc|4
T#48|2|5|50|alpino_lc|5
T#49|3|5|130|alpino_lc|29
T#50|3|14|220|alpino_lc|37
T#51|3|2|120|alpino_lc|11
T#52|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#53|5|7|240|alpino_lc|27
T#54|5|2|140|alpino_lc|17
T#55|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#56|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#57|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#58|4|2|120|alpino_lc|11
T#59|7|30|2060|alpino_lc|278
T#60|5|90|750|alpino_lc|145
T#61|3|2|110|alpino_lc|11
T#62|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#63|7|38|1640|alpino_lc|381
T#64|5|2|200|alpino_lc|40
T#65|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#66|4|5|150|alpino_lc|12
T#67|2|3|60|alpino_lc|13
T#68|3|2|100|alpino_lc|10
T#69|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#70|4|4|110|alpino_lc|13
T#71|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#72|3|14|210|alpino_lc|37
T#73|2|8|50|alpino_lc|11
T#74|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#75|4|32|330|alpino_lc|75
T#76|6|2|270|alpino_lc|85
T#77|2|2|90|alpino_lc|8
T#78|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#79|5|7|190|alpino_lc|21
T#80|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#81|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#82|3|2|120|alpino_lc|11
T#83|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#84|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#85|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#86|2|3|50|alpino_lc|13
T#87|7|7|210|alpino_lc|18
T#88|4|1|310|alpino_lc|57
T#89|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#90|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#91|4|44|240|alpino_lc|20
T#92|7|3|1010|alpino_lc|169
T#93|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#94|9|360|8370|alpino_lc|1352
T#95|5|13|380|alpino_lc|38
T#96|4|11|630|alpino_lc|74
T#97|5|6|160|alpino_lc|31
T#98|2|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#99|4|5|190|alpino_lc|21
T#100|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#101|8|119|1530|alpino_lc|136
T#102|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#103|3|14|230|alpino_lc|37
T#104|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#105|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#106|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#107|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#108|2|4|80|alpino_lc|7
T#109|10|158|10820|alpino_lc|3051
T#110|5|4|190|alpino_lc|20
T#111|4|4|120|alpino_lc|14
T#112|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#113|4|14|300|alpino_lc|26
T#114|1|2|30|alpino_lc|2
T#115|4|14|440|alpino_lc|76
T#116|2|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#117|6|6|630|alpino_lc|83
T#118|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#119|2|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#120|2|2|80|alpino_lc|10
T#121|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#122|2|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#123|5|50|790|alpino_lc|151
T#124|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#125|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#126|4|2|100|alpino_lc|20
T#127|4|23|600|alpino_lc|85
T#128|3|4|110|alpino_lc|13
T#129|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#130|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#131|9|60|4360|alpino_lc|678
T#132|3|3|200|alpino_lc|41
T#133|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#134|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#135|4|2|100|alpino_lc|20
T#136|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#137|8|54|4420|alpino_lc|560
T#138|3|6|130|alpino_lc|11
T#139|8|54|4360|alpino_lc|560
T#140|6|19|1250|alpino_lc|200
T#141|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#142|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#143|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#144|5|1|200|alpino_lc|43
T#145|7|6|1750|alpino_lc|611
T#146|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#147|3|4|110|alpino_lc|13
T#148|7|19|1000|alpino_lc|213
T#149|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#150|2|5|50|alpino_lc|5
T#151|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#152|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#153|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#154|2|3|60|alpino_lc|6
T#155|4|7|160|alpino_lc|18
T#156|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#157|6|54|1080|alpino_lc|419
T#158|3|14|200|alpino_lc|37
T#159|4|7|230|alpino_lc|18
T#160|3|2|110|alpino_lc|11
T#161|7|14|1390|alpino_lc|280
T#162|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#163|3|10|250|alpino_lc|22
T#164|4|16|320|alpino_lc|34
T#165|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#166|7|21|1050|alpino_lc|382
T#167|8|35|2110|alpino_lc|549
T#168|2|4|30|alpino_lc|6
T#169|3|4|110|alpino_lc|11
T#170|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#171|7|6|890|alpino_lc|158
T#172|7|12|950|alpino_lc|206
T#173|5|2|170|alpino_lc|44
T#174|6|10|360|alpino_lc|46
T#175|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#176|4|14|290|alpino_lc|26
T#177|5|3|80|alpino_lc|12
T#178|4|5|190|alpino_lc|21
T#179|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#180|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#181|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#182|6|13|830|alpino_lc|225
T#183|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#184|4|5|180|alpino_lc|17
T#185|5|12|330|alpino_lc|32
T#186|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#187|3|3|40|alpino_lc|5
T#188|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#189|4|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#190|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#191|2|6|50|alpino_lc|6
T#192|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#193|4|7|180|alpino_lc|18
T#194|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#195|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#196|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#197|9|23|2630|alpino_lc|463
T#198|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#199|2|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#200|3|4|160|alpino_lc|18
T#201|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#202|2|2|30|alpino_lc|5
T#203|4|7|180|alpino_lc|18
T#204|5|16|340|alpino_lc|37
T#205|4|3|190|alpino_lc|16
T#206|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#207|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#208|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#209|5|31|580|alpino_lc|42
T#210|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#211|25|17440|456750|alpino_lc|36790
T#212|12|179|14800|alpino_lc|9546
T#213|4|2|120|alpino_lc|13
T#214|2|3|60|alpino_lc|6
T#215|3|2|60|alpino_lc|7
T#216|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#217|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#218|5|11|280|alpino_lc|34
T#219|4|4|180|alpino_lc|21
T#220|7|5|330|alpino_lc|35
T#221|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#222|8|97|1880|alpino_lc|114
T#223|4|4|170|alpino_lc|21
T#224|2|6|50|alpino_lc|5
T#225|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#226|6|7|260|alpino_lc|55
T#227|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#228|3|2|40|alpino_lc|5
T#229|4|4|290|alpino_lc|52
T#230|4|7|220|alpino_lc|20
T#231|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#232|5|30|450|alpino_lc|41
T#233|5|1|210|alpino_lc|43
T#234|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#235|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#236|6|11|300|alpino_lc|34
T#237|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#238|3|1|50|alpino_lc|3
T#239|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#240|2|2|70|alpino_lc|8
T#241|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#242|11|55|2430|alpino_lc|820
T#243|3|2|170|alpino_lc|33
T#244|3|4|90|alpino_lc|12
T#245|4|4|270|alpino_lc|29
T#246|4|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#247|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#248|3|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#249|2|3|60|alpino_lc|5
T#250|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#251|6|18|660|alpino_lc|106
T#252|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#253|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#254|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#255|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#256|4|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#257|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#258|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#259|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#260|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#261|6|8|820|alpino_lc|220
T#262|5|8|490|alpino_lc|120
T#263|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#264|3|2|120|alpino_lc|11
T#265|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#266|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#267|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#268|4|14|300|alpino_lc|32
T#269|3|7|110|alpino_lc|10
T#270|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#271|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#272|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#273|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#274|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#275|3|5|120|alpino_lc|13
T#276|3|5|120|alpino_lc|13
T#277|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#278|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#279|3|5|110|alpino_lc|13
T#280|3|5|130|alpino_lc|13
T#281|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#282|8|36|2750|alpino_lc|637
T#283|4|14|290|alpino_lc|26
T#284|3|8|200|alpino_lc|20
T#285|4|3|100|alpino_lc|9
T#286|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#287|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#288|5|4|180|alpino_lc|20
T#289|3|11|110|alpino_lc|27
T#290|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#291|7|7|190|alpino_lc|18
T#292|4|9|460|alpino_lc|107
T#293|10|11|2240|alpino_lc|666
T#294|5|6|850|alpino_lc|201
T#295|13|3754|65000|alpino_lc|8467
T#296|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#297|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#298|4|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#299|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#300|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#301|3|5|120|alpino_lc|12
T#302|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#303|2|7|60|alpino_lc|14
T#304|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#305|4|4|180|alpino_lc|21
T#306|2|2|80|alpino_lc|15
T#307|4|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#308|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#309|8|6|310|alpino_lc|45
T#310|2|4|40|alpino_lc|6
T#311|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#312|4|14|240|alpino_lc|20
T#313|3|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#314|2|6|50|alpino_lc|6
T#315|7|8|780|alpino_lc|118
T#316|6|21|420|alpino_lc|42
T#317|15|416|8410|alpino_lc|2351
T#318|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#319|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#320|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#321|7|13|910|alpino_lc|225
T#322|5|2|120|alpino_lc|20
T#323|4|3|100|alpino_lc|9
T#324|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#325|3|2|360|alpino_lc|55
T#326|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#327|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#328|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#329|18|129625|1934540|alpino_lc|59897
T#330|2|3|40|alpino_lc|6
T#331|2|2|60|alpino_lc|8
T#332|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#333|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#334|9|18|710|alpino_lc|76
T#335|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#336|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#337|6|17|1140|alpino_lc|227
T#338|2|2|70|alpino_lc|10
T#339|12|1544|42380|alpino_lc|2279
T#340|5|7|250|alpino_lc|56
T#341|6|10|290|alpino_lc|46
T#342|5|9|200|alpino_lc|22
T#343|12|49|3710|alpino_lc|1497
T#344|6|12|340|alpino_lc|35
T#345|12|524|4370|alpino_lc|294
T#346|16|360|5840|alpino_lc|601
T#347|4|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#348|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#349|2|3|50|alpino_lc|4
T#350|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#351|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#352|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#353|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#354|8|44|1060|alpino_lc|71
T#355|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#356|2|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#357|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#358|2|6|50|alpino_lc|6
T#359|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#360|5|36|480|alpino_lc|47
T#361|4|7|170|alpino_lc|22
T#362|6|9|340|alpino_lc|35
T#363|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#364|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#365|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#366|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#367|4|7|250|alpino_lc|18
T#368|19|45564|966490|alpino_lc|90526
T#369|16|time_out|8640380|alpino_lc|464494
T#370|18|10622|261470|alpino_lc|27305
T#371|7|25|2160|alpino_lc|483
T#372|7|25|2160|alpino_lc|483
T#373|7|27|2260|alpino_lc|484
T#374|7|27|2240|alpino_lc|484
T#375|4|7|190|alpino_lc|18
T#376|17|5550|124640|alpino_lc|36284
T#377|11|118|4010|alpino_lc|1022
T#378|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#379|8|27|2300|alpino_lc|496
T#380|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#381|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#382|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#383|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#384|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#385|4|3|80|alpino_lc|9
T#386|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#387|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#388|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#389|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#390|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#391|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#392|3|14|180|alpino_lc|37
T#393|4|12|190|alpino_lc|24
T#394|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#395|4|7|130|alpino_lc|18
T#396|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#397|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#398|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#399|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#400|1|2|0|alpino_lc|1
T#401|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#402|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#403|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#404|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#405|2|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#406|5|19|240|alpino_lc|36
T#407|3|5|100|alpino_lc|13
T#408|2|3|50|alpino_lc|4
T#409|4|12|220|alpino_lc|24
T#410|8|160|7200|alpino_lc|1220
T#411|18|2538|201900|alpino_lc|41938
T#412|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#413|4|3|80|alpino_lc|9
T#414|5|2|220|alpino_lc|52
T#415|3|2|260|alpino_lc|55
T#416|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#417|3|2|110|alpino_lc|11
T#418|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#419|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#420|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#421|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#422|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#423|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#424|5|7|170|alpino_lc|18
T#425|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#426|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#427|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#428|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#429|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#430|3|2|60|alpino_lc|5
T#431|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#432|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#433|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#434|4|9|210|alpino_lc|26
T#435|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#436|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#437|3|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#438|6|10|230|alpino_lc|27
T#439|2|2|50|alpino_lc|4
T#440|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#441|3|6|110|alpino_lc|11
T#442|5|7|160|alpino_lc|18
T#443|6|10|310|alpino_lc|38
T#444|4|7|180|alpino_lc|18
T#445|3|5|120|alpino_lc|13
T#446|16|8244|111470|alpino_lc|8729
T#447|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#448|4|7|130|alpino_lc|18
T#449|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#450|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#451|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#452|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#453|6|26|500|alpino_lc|52
T#454|5|6|150|alpino_lc|14
T#455|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#456|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#457|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#458|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#459|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#460|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#461|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#462|4|14|220|alpino_lc|20
T#463|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#464|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#465|2|2|70|alpino_lc|10
T#466|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#467|3|12|220|alpino_lc|46
T#468|2|2|100|alpino_lc|25
T#469|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#470|3|6|120|alpino_lc|11
T#471|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#472|3|2|100|alpino_lc|11
T#473|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#474|3|14|180|alpino_lc|37
T#475|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#476|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#477|3|14|200|alpino_lc|37
T#478|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#479|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#480|4|7|160|alpino_lc|18
T#481|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#482|4|7|150|alpino_lc|18
T#483|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#484|7|52|1930|alpino_lc|522
T#485|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#486|3|2|50|alpino_lc|5
T#487|10|21|3030|alpino_lc|443
T#488|4|7|150|alpino_lc|18
T#489|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#490|1|2|20|alpino_lc|1
T#491|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#492|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#493|7|13|780|alpino_lc|235
T#494|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#495|4|7|150|alpino_lc|18
T#496|3|16|230|alpino_lc|56
T#497|10|152|6160|alpino_lc|1363
T#498|6|2|190|alpino_lc|59
T#499|1|2|10|alpino_lc|1
T#500|4|11|330|alpino_lc|44
