cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 32340 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 9140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 83820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 31190 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 22440 msec
cputime total 7440 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 46270 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 9360 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 8680 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 11030 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 6940 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 20970 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 7890 msec
cputime total 24420 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 81210 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 18510 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 8330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 13990 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 9460 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 26290 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6960 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 7480 msec
cputime total 12590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 20240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 51210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 13470 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 154370 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 22190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6570 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 7780 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 8640 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 11330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20330 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 32600 msec
cputime total 6310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 98110 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 6570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 8700 msec
cputime total 10600 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 851740 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 20780 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 16670 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 404300 msec
cputime total 16680 msec
cputime total 21060 msec
cputime total 12830 msec
cputime total 17710 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 10490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 18390 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 17970 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 11380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 12430 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 15560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 11640 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 16710 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 16360 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30000 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 11980 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 14500 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 43030 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 18410 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 6340 msec
cputime total 17160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 9320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 18400 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 8250 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 19900 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 17380 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 14310 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 661890 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 18970 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 272140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 9790 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6030 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 900150 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 15340 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 14240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 66640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 21250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 21300 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40700 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 18830 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 8400 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 11360 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 12420 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10890 msec
cputime total 13180 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 9360 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 18410 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 13610 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 25900 msec
cputime total 13380 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 19860 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 45590 msec
cputime total 42150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 58170 msec
cputime total 72920 msec
cputime total 18090 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 16980 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 9940 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 9860 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 900190 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 12180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 897360 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 22630 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 4560 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 79210 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 9520 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 11780 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 6830 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 14270 msec
cputime total 52650 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 16790 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 12300 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 12410 msec
cputime total 9010 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 23500 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 34720 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 18360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 6360 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 17730 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 35670 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 862880 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 20390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 63450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 132800 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 14910 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 23860 msec
cputime total 11910 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7400 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 8830 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 115550 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 11720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 9930 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 40480 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 11440 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 8520 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 45390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 11890 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 14770 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 8670 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 26350 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 15370 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 12290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 9700 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 25110 msec
cputime total 63390 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 77040 msec
cputime total 32020 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 8630 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 23940 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 14730 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30670 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 27420 msec
cputime total 10640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 71750 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7870 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 7540 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 480 msec
T#clef2003_1|7|11|210|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2003_2|6|8|610|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2003_3|8|17|600|alpino_lc|294
T#clef2003_4|6|8|440|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2003_5|7|18|970|alpino_lc|667
T#clef2003_6|6|5|110|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2003_7|7|49|2010|alpino_lc|914
T#clef2003_8|7|8|190|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2003_9|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_10|7|3|440|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2003_11|9|16|970|alpino_lc|586
T#clef2003_12|7|12|800|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_13|8|18|510|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2003_14|6|4|240|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2003_15|8|5|510|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2003_16|7|2|240|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2003_17|8|5|520|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2003_18|8|2|260|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_19|5|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2003_20|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_21|6|21|340|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2003_22|6|10|220|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_23|6|4|150|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_24|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_25|7|2|100|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2003_26|11|7|550|alpino_lc|266
T#clef2003_27|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_29|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_30|8|57|2650|alpino_lc|971
T#clef2003_31|7|2|620|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2003_32|8|4|470|alpino_lc|300
T#clef2003_33|10|9|540|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2003_34|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_35|13|68|32340|alpino_lc|1134
T#clef2003_36|9|10|420|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2003_37|7|12|720|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_38|8|4|870|alpino_lc|335
T#clef2003_39|9|13|1490|alpino_lc|862
T#clef2003_40|5|2|70|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_41|11|6|490|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2003_42|18|760|5800|alpino_lc|1469
T#clef2003_43|7|8|670|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_44|11|63|2340|alpino_lc|839
T#clef2003_45|12|90|5320|alpino_lc|3250
T#clef2003_46|7|12|620|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2003_47|11|8|730|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_48|10|10|880|alpino_lc|474
T#clef2003_49|11|35|1130|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2003_50|6|4|200|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2003_51|13|87|4200|alpino_lc|1065
T#clef2003_52|13|19|910|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2003_53|11|8|460|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2003_54|9|8|710|alpino_lc|512
T#clef2003_55|6|5|280|alpino_lc|136
T#clef2003_56|7|10|850|alpino_lc|559
T#clef2003_57|6|8|430|alpino_lc|123
T#clef2003_58|5|72|1770|alpino_lc|648
T#clef2003_59|9|20|1640|alpino_lc|875
T#clef2003_60|7|7|360|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2003_61|7|6|340|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2003_62|6|7|380|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2003_63|7|8|510|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_64|7|20|980|alpino_lc|314
T#clef2003_65|13|388|9140|alpino_lc|5755
T#clef2003_66|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_67|7|2|90|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2003_68|5|2|80|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_69|5|2|100|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_70|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_71|5|3|330|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2003_72|9|45|2420|alpino_lc|1141
T#clef2003_73|5|3|330|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2003_74|6|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_75|7|12|460|alpino_lc|175
T#clef2003_76|9|10|650|alpino_lc|368
T#clef2003_77|10|28|2010|alpino_lc|1214
T#clef2003_78|9|8|530|alpino_lc|242
T#clef2003_79|7|2|240|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2003_80|6|2|90|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2003_81|7|12|770|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_82|8|52|1460|alpino_lc|461
T#clef2003_83|9|2|440|alpino_lc|213
T#clef2003_84|6|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_85|7|4|180|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2003_86|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_87|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_88|6|10|280|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2003_89|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_90|6|2|60|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2003_91|9|9|200|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2003_92|11|28|930|alpino_lc|586
T#clef2003_93|10|45|2650|alpino_lc|433
T#clef2003_94|11|33|2360|alpino_lc|1340
T#clef2003_95|7|41|680|alpino_lc|245
T#clef2003_96|10|66|2300|alpino_lc|1735
T#clef2003_97|11|112|1520|alpino_lc|568
T#clef2003_98|11|8|690|alpino_lc|464
T#clef2003_99|7|5|180|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2003_100|9|66|1100|alpino_lc|851
T#clef2003_101|10|29|540|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2003_102|14|186|2480|alpino_lc|1041
T#clef2003_103|10|25|250|alpino_lc|154
T#clef2003_104|6|14|610|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2003_105|11|43|2980|alpino_lc|1706
T#clef2003_106|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_107|9|20|1520|alpino_lc|875
T#clef2003_108|7|12|680|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_109|7|18|340|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2003_110|6|4|130|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2003_111|8|73|5010|alpino_lc|828
T#clef2003_112|11|38|1210|alpino_lc|599
T#clef2003_113|11|15|1270|alpino_lc|515
T#clef2003_114|8|4|740|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2003_115|11|80|3640|alpino_lc|2873
T#clef2003_116|7|9|900|alpino_lc|459
T#clef2003_117|7|55|2090|alpino_lc|1164
T#clef2003_118|7|12|730|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_119|8|8|500|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2003_120|6|1|40|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2003_121|7|19|910|alpino_lc|574
T#clef2003_122|12|237|7680|alpino_lc|2605
T#clef2003_123|6|5|280|alpino_lc|136
T#clef2003_124|6|2|170|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2003_125|8|12|690|alpino_lc|535
T#clef2003_126|9|11|410|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2003_127|7|2|100|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2003_128|9|21|1020|alpino_lc|364
T#clef2003_129|8|2|810|alpino_lc|376
T#clef2003_130|11|29|1820|alpino_lc|1283
T#clef2003_131|9|38|960|alpino_lc|339
T#clef2003_132|8|4|270|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2003_133|6|2|100|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2003_134|5|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_135|8|12|960|alpino_lc|556
T#clef2003_136|7|8|770|alpino_lc|476
T#clef2003_137|9|20|1090|alpino_lc|671
T#clef2003_138|8|38|1360|alpino_lc|464
T#clef2003_139|6|20|550|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2003_140|8|34|1080|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2003_141|7|34|980|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2003_142|8|8|610|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_143|12|198|5230|alpino_lc|1283
T#clef2003_144|10|92|4800|alpino_lc|1231
T#clef2003_145|6|2|750|alpino_lc|173
T#clef2003_146|9|51|1670|alpino_lc|1043
T#clef2003_147|6|10|230|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_148|22|9863|83820|alpino_lc|15475
T#clef2003_149|6|6|180|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2003_150|7|8|500|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2003_151|8|22|630|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2003_152|10|32|580|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2003_153|6|7|350|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2003_154|13|19|1210|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2003_155|14|220|31190|alpino_lc|2961
T#clef2003_156|10|87|2850|alpino_lc|1172
T#clef2003_157|7|40|1910|alpino_lc|902
T#clef2003_158|11|222|3250|alpino_lc|1289
T#clef2003_159|6|14|550|alpino_lc|326
T#clef2003_160|10|8|420|alpino_lc|209
T#clef2003_161|8|4|200|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2003_162|10|3|270|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2003_163|7|8|250|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2003_164|7|9|290|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2003_165|11|23|1330|alpino_lc|382
T#clef2003_166|4|5|280|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2003_167|12|236|3030|alpino_lc|1543
T#clef2003_168|12|12|910|alpino_lc|894
T#clef2003_169|6|10|220|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_170|10|323|4890|alpino_lc|1526
T#clef2003_171|13|182|4000|alpino_lc|1056
T#clef2003_172|8|4|170|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2003_173|6|17|440|alpino_lc|205
T#clef2003_174|10|15|1110|alpino_lc|554
T#clef2003_175|10|5|1230|alpino_lc|882
T#clef2003_176|4|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_177|11|28|1630|alpino_lc|389
T#clef2003_178|7|40|1830|alpino_lc|902
T#clef2003_179|7|9|240|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2003_180|10|16|480|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2003_181|16|527|22440|alpino_lc|2972
T#clef2003_182|10|143|7440|alpino_lc|2408
T#clef2003_183|8|20|480|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2003_184|10|20|480|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2003_185|10|228|2570|alpino_lc|1018
T#clef2003_186|5|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_187|8|24|520|alpino_lc|335
T#clef2003_188|6|5|280|alpino_lc|136
T#clef2003_189|9|11|440|alpino_lc|205
T#clef2003_191|6|10|560|alpino_lc|296
T#clef2003_192|7|12|680|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_193|19|80|2930|alpino_lc|1405
T#clef2003_194|9|13|540|alpino_lc|268
T#clef2003_195|13|32|350|alpino_lc|247
T#clef2003_196|18|2184|46270|alpino_lc|14507
T#clef2003_197|9|39|2200|alpino_lc|989
T#clef2003_198|7|7|320|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2003_200|16|104|9360|alpino_lc|1510
T#clef2003_201|9|20|520|alpino_lc|281
T#clef2003_202|9|8|560|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_203|11|31|2030|alpino_lc|783
T#clef2003_204|10|86|4320|alpino_lc|2013
T#clef2003_205|8|12|650|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2003_206|10|28|420|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2003_207|9|203|3420|alpino_lc|1327
T#clef2003_208|7|40|1850|alpino_lc|902
T#clef2003_209|7|13|770|alpino_lc|409
T#clef2003_210|13|265|8370|alpino_lc|2183
T#clef2003_211|12|47|3140|alpino_lc|1238
T#clef2003_212|4|6|130|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2003_213|7|2|140|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2003_214|8|3|510|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2003_215|7|3|240|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2003_216|9|325|5190|alpino_lc|1879
T#clef2003_217|6|4|70|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2003_218|9|22|1340|alpino_lc|782
T#clef2003_220|10|4|350|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2003_221|14|580|8680|alpino_lc|3362
T#clef2003_222|10|410|5180|alpino_lc|1083
T#clef2003_223|11|8|390|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2003_224|13|239|11030|alpino_lc|2994
T#clef2003_225|11|11|690|alpino_lc|308
T#clef2003_226|15|124|6530|alpino_lc|3209
T#clef2003_227|15|57|6940|alpino_lc|4174
T#clef2003_228|15|197|2000|alpino_lc|1194
T#clef2003_229|19|214|20970|alpino_lc|15665
T#clef2003_230|10|40|1830|alpino_lc|1228
T#clef2003_231|10|14|1790|alpino_lc|925
T#clef2003_232|11|59|2930|alpino_lc|636
T#clef2003_233|12|189|5520|alpino_lc|2776
T#clef2003_234|11|61|1480|alpino_lc|712
T#clef2003_235|13|32|1520|alpino_lc|752
T#clef2003_236|6|2|130|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2003_237|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_238|11|9|420|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2003_239|6|7|400|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2003_240|8|8|530|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_241|11|17|1270|alpino_lc|504
T#clef2003_242|8|119|1770|alpino_lc|938
T#clef2003_243|14|222|4410|alpino_lc|2811
T#clef2003_244|11|632|4510|alpino_lc|1320
T#clef2003_245|15|35|2200|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2003_246|15|16|3510|alpino_lc|1653
T#clef2003_247|10|102|7890|alpino_lc|1212
T#clef2003_248|17|922|24420|alpino_lc|9718
T#clef2003_249|18|631|8500|alpino_lc|1789
T#clef2003_250|9|64|470|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2003_251|15|372|12100|alpino_lc|6140
T#clef2003_252|8|14|560|alpino_lc|265
T#clef2003_253|9|32|1710|alpino_lc|546
T#clef2003_254|10|91|1360|alpino_lc|364
T#clef2003_255|8|4|200|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2003_256|7|4|290|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2003_257|5|36|1360|alpino_lc|632
T#clef2003_258|11|3|580|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2003_259|10|8|530|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_260|6|5|260|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2003_261|9|61|1280|alpino_lc|582
T#clef2003_262|16|14|3230|alpino_lc|1649
T#clef2003_263|6|2|80|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2003_264|7|4|250|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2003_265|8|32|620|alpino_lc|363
T#clef2003_266|9|54|2750|alpino_lc|1134
T#clef2003_267|8|33|850|alpino_lc|414
T#clef2003_268|8|12|710|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2003_269|18|3170|81210|alpino_lc|18695
T#clef2003_270|8|30|1410|alpino_lc|570
T#clef2003_271|13|93|9420|alpino_lc|4041
T#clef2003_272|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_273|5|2|80|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_274|7|2|120|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2003_275|6|8|370|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2003_276|10|16|1210|alpino_lc|817
T#clef2003_277|7|16|550|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2003_278|12|36|1760|alpino_lc|1354
T#clef2003_279|7|3|120|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2003_280|8|22|410|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2003_281|8|6|180|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2003_282|7|10|410|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2003_283|10|44|5760|alpino_lc|3839
T#clef2003_284|7|16|1160|alpino_lc|477
T#clef2003_285|8|20|650|alpino_lc|153
T#clef2003_286|8|8|490|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_287|7|5|250|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2003_288|8|53|3160|alpino_lc|1181
T#clef2003_289|9|54|2050|alpino_lc|1218
T#clef2003_290|11|8|1440|alpino_lc|864
T#clef2003_291|11|41|1580|alpino_lc|579
T#clef2003_292|15|560|18510|alpino_lc|4678
T#clef2003_293|14|204|3940|alpino_lc|1910
T#clef2003_294|10|14|680|alpino_lc|339
T#clef2003_295|10|19|580|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2003_296|5|8|420|alpino_lc|182
T#clef2003_297|9|26|730|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2003_298|11|144|1810|alpino_lc|899
T#clef2003_299|7|14|590|alpino_lc|262
T#clef2003_300|7|40|1750|alpino_lc|902
T#clef2003_301|8|16|750|alpino_lc|584
T#clef2003_302|6|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_303|7|8|410|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2003_304|11|64|1260|alpino_lc|650
T#clef2003_305|6|12|480|alpino_lc|179
T#clef2003_306|4|5|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_307|8|4|640|alpino_lc|182
T#clef2003_308|11|20|340|alpino_lc|178
T#clef2003_309|5|36|1220|alpino_lc|632
T#clef2003_310|8|13|720|alpino_lc|355
T#clef2003_311|6|4|190|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2003_312|6|21|1110|alpino_lc|360
T#clef2003_313|9|12|1210|alpino_lc|618
T#clef2003_314|10|9|940|alpino_lc|458
T#clef2003_315|10|36|670|alpino_lc|337
T#clef2003_316|8|20|380|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2003_317|5|2|80|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_318|9|16|1120|alpino_lc|731
T#clef2003_319|8|8|580|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2003_320|6|8|180|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_321|6|8|390|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2003_322|8|11|1110|alpino_lc|520
T#clef2003_323|8|24|1330|alpino_lc|705
T#clef2003_324|9|28|2040|alpino_lc|974
T#clef2003_325|8|24|870|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2003_326|5|16|240|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2003_327|14|298|8330|alpino_lc|2164
T#clef2003_328|5|2|200|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2003_329|15|914|4830|alpino_lc|650
T#clef2003_330|9|46|2190|alpino_lc|1348
T#clef2003_331|7|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2003_332|8|11|520|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2003_333|6|16|290|alpino_lc|160
T#clef2003_334|10|8|570|alpino_lc|385
T#clef2003_335|8|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2003_336|10|90|2000|alpino_lc|529
T#clef2003_337|7|15|410|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2003_338|11|8|500|alpino_lc|276
T#clef2003_339|10|2|110|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_340|10|80|2130|alpino_lc|1271
T#clef2003_341|8|4|160|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2003_342|11|25|390|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2003_343|13|26|1420|alpino_lc|1074
T#clef2003_344|7|16|500|alpino_lc|272
T#clef2003_345|7|3|100|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2003_346|8|10|300|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2003_347|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2003_348|12|6|220|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2003_349|15|496|6420|alpino_lc|2391
T#clef2003_350|6|4|280|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2003_351|7|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2003_352|14|218|2700|alpino_lc|1058
T#clef2003_353|10|59|2380|alpino_lc|809
T#clef2003_354|15|66|1170|alpino_lc|745
T#clef2003_355|8|20|480|alpino_lc|164
T#clef2003_356|11|304|4870|alpino_lc|962
T#clef2003_357|13|388|13990|alpino_lc|3049
T#clef2003_358|11|50|2520|alpino_lc|736
T#clef2003_359|8|20|400|alpino_lc|264
T#clef2003_360|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_361|5|36|1200|alpino_lc|632
T#clef2003_362|8|27|870|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2003_363|11|470|9460|alpino_lc|1816
T#clef2003_364|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_365|10|12|370|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_366|8|11|1050|alpino_lc|520
T#clef2003_367|8|26|1510|alpino_lc|667
T#clef2003_368|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2003_369|6|4|120|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2003_370|16|559|26290|alpino_lc|15223
T#clef2003_371|9|69|3130|alpino_lc|1593
T#clef2003_372|7|11|1130|alpino_lc|621
T#clef2003_373|5|1|120|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2003_374|13|171|6960|alpino_lc|1675
T#clef2003_375|8|4|140|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2003_376|11|16|580|alpino_lc|272
T#clef2003_377|10|57|3540|alpino_lc|1732
T#clef2003_378|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2003_379|11|4|610|alpino_lc|302
T#clef2003_380|7|2|110|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2003_381|7|6|190|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2003_382|7|12|680|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_383|10|51|3100|alpino_lc|1684
T#clef2003_384|12|244|3380|alpino_lc|1052
T#clef2003_385|6|2|120|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2003_386|13|354|7480|alpino_lc|5885
T#clef2003_387|12|523|12590|alpino_lc|2625
T#clef2003_388|7|8|200|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_389|12|3002|20240|alpino_lc|8040
T#clef2003_390|4|8|90|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2003_391|9|60|1690|alpino_lc|649
T#clef2003_392|6|5|260|alpino_lc|136
T#clef2003_393|7|18|560|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2003_394|10|77|2300|alpino_lc|1017
T#clef2003_395|9|16|1030|alpino_lc|423
T#clef2003_396|13|4|860|alpino_lc|494
T#clef2003_397|5|3|230|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2003_398|6|2|190|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2003_399|10|44|2540|alpino_lc|1304
T#clef2003_400|12|186|5640|alpino_lc|3184
T#clef2003_401|8|22|1290|alpino_lc|772
T#clef2003_402|8|5|800|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2003_403|7|2|210|alpino_lc|71
T#clef2003_404|6|12|360|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2003_405|6|2|270|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2003_406|6|7|260|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2003_407|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2003_408|13|472|51210|alpino_lc|2919
T#clef2003_409|6|4|120|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2003_410|10|22|1540|alpino_lc|1082
T#clef2003_411|8|12|910|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2003_412|6|8|170|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_413|10|45|1920|alpino_lc|1244
T#clef2003_414|6|4|180|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2003_415|8|6|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_416|6|4|230|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2003_417|7|22|510|alpino_lc|256
T#clef2003_418|12|27|470|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2003_419|12|58|1180|alpino_lc|490
T#clef2003_420|7|34|730|alpino_lc|262
T#clef2003_421|5|2|70|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_422|11|30|1180|alpino_lc|569
T#clef2003_423|8|15|610|alpino_lc|411
T#clef2003_424|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2003_425|8|4|670|alpino_lc|307
T#clef2003_426|8|2|120|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2003_427|9|84|5500|alpino_lc|2528
T#clef2003_428|10|184|2330|alpino_lc|810
T#clef2003_429|9|10|420|alpino_lc|247
T#clef2003_430|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2003_431|7|1|290|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2003_432|9|14|400|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2003_433|7|2|200|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2003_434|9|23|8550|alpino_lc|923
T#clef2003_435|9|25|1400|alpino_lc|863
T#clef2003_436|8|26|780|alpino_lc|290
T#clef2003_437|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2003_438|12|6|530|alpino_lc|175
T#clef2003_439|19|290|3470|alpino_lc|1951
T#clef2003_440|6|4|190|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2003_441|12|40|1010|alpino_lc|742
T#clef2003_442|12|556|13470|alpino_lc|6744
T#clef2003_443|9|30|700|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2003_444|8|21|710|alpino_lc|308
T#clef2003_445|15|9699|154370|alpino_lc|28188
T#clef2003_446|16|142|2960|alpino_lc|1003
T#clef2003_447|10|76|1900|alpino_lc|851
T#clef2003_448|5|3|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_449|13|851|22190|alpino_lc|9623
T#clef2003_450|7|8|550|alpino_lc|378
T#clef2004_238|6|35|800|alpino_lc|397
T#clef2004_451|11|59|1750|alpino_lc|792
T#clef2004_452|7|8|500|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_453|9|40|890|alpino_lc|404
T#clef2004_454|7|16|860|alpino_lc|580
T#clef2004_455|8|3|130|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2004_456|8|60|2500|alpino_lc|1876
T#clef2004_457|12|65|2050|alpino_lc|1717
T#clef2004_458|5|2|160|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_459|6|2|110|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2004_460|10|7|160|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2004_461|9|38|1540|alpino_lc|863
T#clef2004_462|8|4|850|alpino_lc|335
T#clef2004_463|7|26|430|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2004_464|6|33|750|alpino_lc|276
T#clef2004_465|10|78|6110|alpino_lc|1472
T#clef2004_466|9|18|1010|alpino_lc|449
T#clef2004_467|6|20|500|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2004_468|7|4|210|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2004_469|11|32|1390|alpino_lc|354
T#clef2004_470|6|17|840|alpino_lc|392
T#clef2004_471|12|64|2190|alpino_lc|959
T#clef2004_472|8|28|410|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2004_473|5|21|820|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_474|6|7|350|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2004_475|7|15|320|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2004_476|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_477|8|6|300|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2004_478|20|378|6570|alpino_lc|2802
T#clef2004_479|9|13|280|alpino_lc|160
T#clef2004_480|10|48|1630|alpino_lc|1043
T#clef2004_481|6|2|100|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_482|13|169|6630|alpino_lc|6232
T#clef2004_483|15|206|4660|alpino_lc|2945
T#clef2004_484|6|33|580|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2004_485|7|7|400|alpino_lc|284
T#clef2004_486|13|192|2250|alpino_lc|638
T#clef2004_487|11|15|1380|alpino_lc|968
T#clef2004_488|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_489|9|8|580|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2004_490|7|13|540|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2004_491|15|39|990|alpino_lc|512
T#clef2004_492|8|12|350|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_493|6|52|840|alpino_lc|212
T#clef2004_494|8|8|520|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2004_495|12|8|1850|alpino_lc|1505
T#clef2004_496|5|3|270|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_497|5|3|280|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_498|16|78|7780|alpino_lc|4721
T#clef2004_499|10|83|1420|alpino_lc|865
T#clef2004_500|7|15|1130|alpino_lc|566
T#clef2004_501|10|92|980|alpino_lc|355
T#clef2004_502|8|12|280|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2004_503|7|16|940|alpino_lc|376
T#clef2004_504|6|34|760|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2004_505|20|91|2250|alpino_lc|2039
T#clef2004_506|4|2|50|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_507|7|25|1030|alpino_lc|275
T#clef2004_508|7|2|580|alpino_lc|295
T#clef2004_509|8|56|930|alpino_lc|451
T#clef2004_510|7|12|700|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_511|6|1|260|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2004_512|5|5|400|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2004_513|5|6|120|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2004_514|5|11|300|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2004_515|10|56|2850|alpino_lc|611
T#clef2004_516|6|4|200|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2004_517|6|2|600|alpino_lc|173
T#clef2004_518|8|2|580|alpino_lc|282
T#clef2004_519|8|2|650|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2004_520|9|36|890|alpino_lc|395
T#clef2004_521|9|23|1000|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_522|12|48|2110|alpino_lc|1024
T#clef2004_523|10|36|1350|alpino_lc|677
T#clef2004_524|7|12|240|alpino_lc|90
T#clef2004_525|10|26|880|alpino_lc|343
T#clef2004_526|10|67|2580|alpino_lc|1283
T#clef2004_527|9|55|820|alpino_lc|309
T#clef2004_528|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_529|9|3|790|alpino_lc|277
T#clef2004_530|12|5|630|alpino_lc|209
T#clef2004_531|8|12|470|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2004_532|11|24|1200|alpino_lc|577
T#clef2004_533|8|2|590|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2004_534|8|42|1260|alpino_lc|617
T#clef2004_535|7|6|190|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2004_536|10|52|2240|alpino_lc|1321
T#clef2004_537|11|15|640|alpino_lc|726
T#clef2004_538|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2004_539|5|16|660|alpino_lc|329
T#clef2004_540|7|16|310|alpino_lc|144
T#clef2004_541|9|93|3220|alpino_lc|1361
T#clef2004_542|6|8|400|alpino_lc|199
T#clef2004_543|8|2|590|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2004_544|9|14|990|alpino_lc|419
T#clef2004_545|9|4|1370|alpino_lc|490
T#clef2004_546|11|20|450|alpino_lc|286
T#clef2004_547|9|16|400|alpino_lc|246
T#clef2004_548|7|12|270|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2004_549|7|10|520|alpino_lc|297
T#clef2004_550|6|21|900|alpino_lc|359
T#clef2004_551|4|4|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_552|8|8|540|alpino_lc|255
T#clef2004_553|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_554|6|5|180|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2004_555|5|2|80|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2004_556|9|78|6240|alpino_lc|1136
T#clef2004_557|4|8|110|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2004_558|7|12|740|alpino_lc|155
T#clef2004_559|6|2|740|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2004_560|5|2|260|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2004_561|7|8|580|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_562|8|2|470|alpino_lc|112
T#clef2004_563|5|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2004_564|7|12|690|alpino_lc|343
T#clef2004_565|7|36|540|alpino_lc|277
T#clef2004_566|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2004_567|6|15|320|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2004_568|7|106|2140|alpino_lc|726
T#clef2004_569|7|15|400|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_570|7|3|110|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2004_571|4|5|260|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2004_572|5|2|70|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2004_573|7|18|700|alpino_lc|359
T#clef2004_574|9|18|790|alpino_lc|330
T#clef2004_575|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_576|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_577|7|11|530|alpino_lc|253
T#clef2004_578|11|50|1200|alpino_lc|582
T#clef2004_579|5|7|400|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2004_580|9|16|1060|alpino_lc|689
T#clef2004_581|6|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_582|8|4|280|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2004_583|5|14|210|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2004_584|11|22|940|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2004_585|6|2|300|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_586|4|3|270|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_587|5|3|50|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_588|10|46|2070|alpino_lc|1246
T#clef2004_589|8|22|630|alpino_lc|290
T#clef2004_590|5|3|330|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2004_591|6|22|690|alpino_lc|311
T#clef2004_592|9|59|2670|alpino_lc|1212
T#clef2004_593|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_594|5|2|250|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_595|5|5|190|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2004_596|11|16|800|alpino_lc|431
T#clef2004_597|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_598|7|21|1750|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2004_599|5|2|110|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_600|8|8|500|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_601|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_602|8|50|6580|alpino_lc|1730
T#clef2004_603|6|9|450|alpino_lc|235
T#clef2004_604|11|146|8640|alpino_lc|1105
T#clef2004_605|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_606|4|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_607|6|4|170|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2004_608|7|2|130|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_609|8|27|1420|alpino_lc|462
T#clef2004_610|6|7|390|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2004_611|5|2|60|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_612|6|12|230|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_613|7|9|350|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2004_614|5|1|370|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2004_615|8|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_616|4|4|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_617|8|30|1130|alpino_lc|442
T#clef2004_618|9|46|1540|alpino_lc|815
T#clef2004_619|9|25|1680|alpino_lc|749
T#clef2004_620|6|8|100|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_621|7|63|1550|alpino_lc|816
T#clef2004_622|5|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_623|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_624|7|12|200|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_625|7|10|370|alpino_lc|144
T#clef2004_626|5|4|90|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2004_627|8|48|1150|alpino_lc|702
T#clef2004_628|9|4|1210|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2004_629|5|2|240|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2004_630|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_631|7|13|800|alpino_lc|284
T#clef2004_632|6|18|650|alpino_lc|359
T#clef2004_633|15|34|1870|alpino_lc|630
T#clef2004_634|10|16|580|alpino_lc|340
T#clef2004_635|10|16|1140|alpino_lc|404
T#clef2004_636|8|6|260|alpino_lc|131
T#clef2004_637|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_638|6|10|340|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2004_639|4|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_640|8|18|390|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2004_641|7|8|630|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2004_642|7|8|230|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2004_643|6|3|500|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2004_644|4|4|40|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2004_645|10|11|1160|alpino_lc|365
T#clef2004_646|10|26|1380|alpino_lc|726
T#clef2004_647|4|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_648|6|7|1160|alpino_lc|307
T#clef2004_649|14|163|11330|alpino_lc|2928
T#clef2004_650|7|7|330|alpino_lc|136
T#clef2004_651|7|4|140|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2004_652|8|21|1080|alpino_lc|675
T#clef2004_653|9|80|1950|alpino_lc|676
T#clef2004_654|7|20|290|alpino_lc|174
T#clef2004_655|9|28|1340|alpino_lc|816
T#clef2004_656|6|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_657|9|5|270|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_658|8|6|250|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2004_659|13|487|6350|alpino_lc|3910
T#clef2004_660|12|5|360|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_661|12|473|7230|alpino_lc|2334
T#clef2004_662|14|20|630|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2004_663|8|24|1450|alpino_lc|461
T#clef2004_664|8|7|520|alpino_lc|294
T#clef2004_665|6|12|410|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2004_666|15|278|20330|alpino_lc|6022
T#clef2004_667|13|49|1440|alpino_lc|1142
T#clef2004_668|11|19|2410|alpino_lc|2105
T#clef2004_669|12|5|320|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2004_670|10|6|270|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2004_671|8|18|520|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2004_672|12|4|1120|alpino_lc|467
T#clef2004_673|7|48|520|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2004_674|11|4|1620|alpino_lc|562
T#clef2004_675|5|5|240|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_676|15|3730|32600|alpino_lc|5159
T#clef2004_677|15|318|6310|alpino_lc|2809
T#clef2004_678|7|10|380|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2004_679|13|3476|98110|alpino_lc|18108
T#clef2004_680|15|134|3250|alpino_lc|1984
T#clef2004_681|6|8|380|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2004_682|6|11|490|alpino_lc|208
T#clef2004_683|9|63|2110|alpino_lc|1280
T#clef2004_684|7|9|460|alpino_lc|222
T#clef2004_685|7|5|280|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2004_686|5|7|250|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_687|6|5|190|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2004_689|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_690|7|4|190|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_691|8|57|1390|alpino_lc|243
T#clef2004_692|9|16|1260|alpino_lc|888
T#clef2004_693|14|2|3270|alpino_lc|645
T#clef2004_694|11|86|4580|alpino_lc|3229
T#clef2004_695|7|33|690|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2004_697|15|27|1510|alpino_lc|591
T#clef2004_698|11|27|1430|alpino_lc|508
T#clef2004_699|11|42|1090|alpino_lc|601
T#clef2004_700|12|8|1260|alpino_lc|344
T#clef2004_701|10|25|1090|alpino_lc|360
T#clef2004_702|10|32|1850|alpino_lc|749
T#clef2004_703|6|6|340|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2004_704|12|279|6570|alpino_lc|2968
T#clef2004_705|6|7|160|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_706|5|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2004_707|10|32|1280|alpino_lc|276
T#clef2004_708|8|16|760|alpino_lc|401
T#clef2004_709|7|4|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_710|8|15|400|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2004_711|4|4|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_712|4|10|150|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_713|8|7|600|alpino_lc|343
T#clef2004_714|11|28|590|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2004_715|5|4|200|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_716|9|455|4870|alpino_lc|1712
T#clef2004_717|10|904|8700|alpino_lc|1185
T#clef2004_718|13|1467|10600|alpino_lc|1681
T#clef2004_719|12|23|1560|alpino_lc|489
T#clef2004_720|22|168799|851740|alpino_lc|13448
T#clef2004_721|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_722|7|3|350|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2004_723|5|2|200|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_724|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_725|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_726|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_727|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_728|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_729|6|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_730|6|5|370|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2004_731|10|43|2380|alpino_lc|1547
T#clef2004_732|15|664|20780|alpino_lc|6680
T#clef2004_733|8|139|5350|alpino_lc|2679
T#clef2004_734|8|39|2130|alpino_lc|1509
T#clef2004_735|7|61|430|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2004_736|12|388|16670|alpino_lc|3185
T#clef2004_737|9|54|1320|alpino_lc|441
T#clef2004_738|9|20|820|alpino_lc|297
T#clef2004_739|14|53|3770|alpino_lc|958
T#clef2004_740|18|12986|404300|alpino_lc|160809
T#clef2004_741|10|104|16680|alpino_lc|1412
T#clef2004_742|10|208|21060|alpino_lc|1641
T#clef2004_743|9|123|12830|alpino_lc|2121
T#clef2004_744|10|194|17710|alpino_lc|4555
T#clef2004_745|10|33|560|alpino_lc|245
T#clef2004_746|6|21|1050|alpino_lc|358
T#clef2004_747|9|10|1150|alpino_lc|452
T#clef2004_748|9|54|6440|alpino_lc|1168
T#clef2004_749|7|18|770|alpino_lc|351
T#clef2004_750|5|2|90|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2004_751|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_752|5|4|250|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_753|5|2|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_754|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_755|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_756|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_757|4|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_758|9|163|6380|alpino_lc|3411
T#clef2004_759|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_760|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_761|8|3|340|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_762|15|4|2750|alpino_lc|966
T#clef2004_763|6|2|270|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2004_764|9|20|1570|alpino_lc|875
T#clef2004_765|8|9|1010|alpino_lc|457
T#clef2004_766|5|6|170|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2004_767|4|5|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_768|6|12|270|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_769|7|8|780|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2004_770|5|5|370|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2004_771|6|24|1320|alpino_lc|499
T#clef2004_772|6|12|280|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_773|8|20|840|alpino_lc|282
T#clef2004_774|7|8|590|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2004_775|10|37|1810|alpino_lc|1366
T#clef2004_776|9|12|740|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2004_777|11|80|1390|alpino_lc|731
T#clef2004_778|6|8|200|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2004_779|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_780|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_781|6|8|390|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2004_782|9|21|1060|alpino_lc|446
T#clef2004_783|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_784|5|2|240|alpino_lc|118
T#clef2004_785|7|8|780|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2004_786|5|10|530|alpino_lc|187
T#clef2004_787|8|14|830|alpino_lc|546
T#clef2004_788|4|4|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_789|7|8|550|alpino_lc|378
T#clef2004_790|10|16|1040|alpino_lc|597
T#clef2004_791|9|16|840|alpino_lc|636
T#clef2004_792|6|8|410|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2004_793|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_794|9|37|1220|alpino_lc|847
T#clef2004_795|6|4|260|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2004_796|8|10|310|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2004_797|12|92|1360|alpino_lc|637
T#clef2004_798|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_799|7|8|500|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_800|9|28|1570|alpino_lc|585
T#clef2004_801|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_802|5|2|100|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_803|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_804|9|16|690|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_805|7|10|330|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_806|11|34|860|alpino_lc|520
T#clef2004_807|7|10|520|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2004_808|7|10|330|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_809|7|8|590|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_810|7|9|260|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2004_811|7|6|350|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2004_812|11|38|2130|alpino_lc|1530
T#clef2004_813|6|8|190|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2004_814|10|61|1520|alpino_lc|602
T#clef2004_815|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_816|8|14|910|alpino_lc|361
T#clef2004_817|8|10|320|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_818|12|204|1710|alpino_lc|851
T#clef2004_819|8|11|620|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2004_820|6|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_821|9|16|950|alpino_lc|407
T#clef2004_822|6|24|1310|alpino_lc|499
T#clef2004_823|8|36|1900|alpino_lc|1176
T#clef2004_824|5|11|480|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2004_825|8|10|520|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2004_826|10|20|490|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2004_827|8|10|240|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2004_828|8|16|1000|alpino_lc|379
T#clef2004_829|6|27|1160|alpino_lc|344
T#clef2004_830|5|2|240|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_831|7|12|800|alpino_lc|308
T#clef2004_832|7|19|1020|alpino_lc|574
T#clef2004_833|7|40|1820|alpino_lc|902
T#clef2004_834|5|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_835|7|3|400|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2004_836|9|24|1300|alpino_lc|903
T#clef2004_837|9|58|2830|alpino_lc|1010
T#clef2004_838|9|20|510|alpino_lc|277
T#clef2004_839|9|8|600|alpino_lc|378
T#clef2004_840|10|4|960|alpino_lc|446
T#clef2004_841|5|2|240|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_842|11|146|8860|alpino_lc|2872
T#clef2004_843|8|8|540|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2004_844|10|6|300|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2004_845|10|47|560|alpino_lc|295
T#clef2004_846|4|4|70|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_847|6|10|230|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2004_848|9|54|2310|alpino_lc|1161
T#clef2004_849|4|4|80|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2004_850|10|14|1470|alpino_lc|780
T#clef2004_851|8|26|1090|alpino_lc|641
T#clef2004_852|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_853|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_854|4|4|70|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_855|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_856|8|14|1250|alpino_lc|696
T#clef2004_857|9|51|2240|alpino_lc|1548
T#clef2004_858|5|4|230|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_859|6|10|580|alpino_lc|294
T#clef2004_860|6|33|630|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2004_861|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_862|12|244|6910|alpino_lc|5549
T#clef2004_863|7|2|840|alpino_lc|306
T#clef2004_864|5|6|210|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2004_865|8|14|480|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2004_866|6|1|120|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_867|10|26|1530|alpino_lc|1150
T#clef2004_868|6|4|120|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2004_869|10|18|2900|alpino_lc|1604
T#clef2004_870|5|2|190|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_871|4|3|250|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_872|7|120|4150|alpino_lc|619
T#clef2004_873|8|6|600|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2004_874|6|2|240|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_875|5|13|180|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2004_876|7|8|540|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_877|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_878|7|8|560|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_879|12|38|1680|alpino_lc|1322
T#clef2004_880|10|40|1430|alpino_lc|540
T#clef2004_881|6|2|280|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_882|6|6|200|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_883|8|16|440|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2004_884|5|2|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_885|7|4|160|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2004_886|4|2|220|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2004_887|6|8|740|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2004_888|7|9|960|alpino_lc|410
T#clef2004_889|15|590|10490|alpino_lc|4085
T#clef2004_890|7|7|110|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_891|9|48|2970|alpino_lc|1058
T#clef2004_892|11|210|1730|alpino_lc|658
T#clef2004_893|10|80|1510|alpino_lc|481
T#clef2004_894|5|17|640|alpino_lc|339
T#clef2004_895|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_896|5|15|720|alpino_lc|329
T#clef2004_897|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_898|22|2964|18390|alpino_lc|6018
T#clef2004_899|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_900|9|84|6970|alpino_lc|3605
T#clef2004_901|5|4|250|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2004_902|7|8|530|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_903|7|1|410|alpino_lc|149
T#clef2004_904|7|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_905|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_906|5|4|250|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_907|11|88|2600|alpino_lc|1194
T#clef2004_908|6|15|510|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2004_909|7|14|290|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2004_910|6|2|310|alpino_lc|148
T#clef2004_911|11|218|17970|alpino_lc|6712
T#clef2004_912|7|12|740|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_913|5|4|260|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_914|10|268|2870|alpino_lc|1090
T#clef2004_915|5|7|380|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2004_916|8|18|950|alpino_lc|488
T#clef2004_917|4|3|260|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_918|9|6|1180|alpino_lc|371
T#clef2004_919|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_920|11|244|11380|alpino_lc|2353
T#clef2004_921|5|3|220|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_922|10|253|4790|alpino_lc|1758
T#clef2004_923|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_924|4|3|270|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_925|6|4|90|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2004_926|10|16|650|alpino_lc|262
T#clef2004_927|9|123|1790|alpino_lc|932
T#clef2004_928|9|12|700|alpino_lc|430
T#clef2004_929|6|12|230|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2004_930|4|3|50|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_931|9|528|12430|alpino_lc|2900
T#clef2004_932|8|15|760|alpino_lc|420
T#clef2004_933|8|22|1310|alpino_lc|781
T#clef2004_934|7|18|1270|alpino_lc|809
T#clef2004_935|9|61|2010|alpino_lc|1505
T#clef2004_936|10|10|5750|alpino_lc|2704
T#clef2004_937|10|42|3250|alpino_lc|539
T#clef2004_938|7|6|180|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2004_939|8|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2004_940|7|37|3210|alpino_lc|414
T#clef2004_941|9|22|2420|alpino_lc|2070
T#clef2004_942|10|107|2360|alpino_lc|1590
T#clef2004_943|6|12|220|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_944|4|3|70|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2004_945|11|33|990|alpino_lc|466
T#clef2004_946|8|30|1530|alpino_lc|422
T#clef2004_947|10|36|2700|alpino_lc|1618
T#clef2004_948|7|19|660|alpino_lc|226
T#clef2004_949|10|10|580|alpino_lc|325
T#clef2004_950|10|6|1440|alpino_lc|1264
T#clef2004_951|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_952|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_953|10|40|1350|alpino_lc|732
T#clef2004_954|4|5|280|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2004_955|8|14|950|alpino_lc|542
T#clef2004_956|11|13|1790|alpino_lc|901
T#clef2004_957|5|8|320|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_958|5|5|310|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2004_959|12|12|390|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2004_960|8|3|290|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_961|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2004_962|8|5|700|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2004_963|11|752|15560|alpino_lc|3278
T#clef2004_964|11|10|230|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2004_965|10|169|4310|alpino_lc|2846
T#clef2004_966|8|28|2560|alpino_lc|1695
T#clef2004_967|8|40|1120|alpino_lc|600
T#clef2004_968|6|79|1510|alpino_lc|456
T#clef2004_969|7|8|800|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2004_970|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_971|4|3|230|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_972|9|36|1060|alpino_lc|412
T#clef2004_973|9|32|1680|alpino_lc|951
T#clef2004_974|6|10|230|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2004_975|5|4|240|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_976|9|10|640|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2004_977|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_978|6|12|240|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_979|16|23|11640|alpino_lc|526
T#clef2004_980|6|18|1250|alpino_lc|453
T#clef2004_981|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_982|7|17|1720|alpino_lc|554
T#clef2004_983|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_984|7|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_985|12|1020|16710|alpino_lc|6083
T#clef2004_986|8|10|490|alpino_lc|211
T#clef2004_987|9|48|1560|alpino_lc|469
T#clef2004_988|9|758|14620|alpino_lc|4826
T#clef2004_989|12|125|2670|alpino_lc|1897
T#clef2004_990|8|10|1410|alpino_lc|628
T#clef2004_991|13|324|8870|alpino_lc|3482
T#clef2004_992|8|5|1050|alpino_lc|393
T#clef2004_993|9|90|3210|alpino_lc|1817
T#clef2004_994|8|14|930|alpino_lc|551
T#clef2004_995|11|16|990|alpino_lc|279
T#clef2004_996|8|4|710|alpino_lc|282
T#clef2004_997|7|12|730|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_998|10|47|2080|alpino_lc|725
T#clef2004_999|8|18|510|alpino_lc|290
T#clef2004_1000|4|5|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1001|9|24|330|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_1002|11|43|1820|alpino_lc|1282
T#clef2004_1003|5|3|30|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_1004|7|53|4030|alpino_lc|1794
T#clef2004_1005|7|8|320|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_1006|7|9|330|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2004_1007|13|64|1100|alpino_lc|513
T#clef2004_1008|8|2|110|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2004_1009|8|18|460|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2004_1010|6|4|250|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2004_1011|7|46|1260|alpino_lc|512
T#clef2004_1012|9|24|1170|alpino_lc|569
T#clef2004_1013|6|14|480|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2004_1014|8|12|940|alpino_lc|556
T#clef2004_1015|9|48|2720|alpino_lc|1624
T#clef2004_1016|7|12|690|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_1017|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_1018|14|848|16360|alpino_lc|6796
T#clef2004_1019|8|10|960|alpino_lc|522
T#clef2004_1020|10|12|1790|alpino_lc|526
T#clef2004_1021|9|8|630|alpino_lc|391
T#clef2004_1022|13|180|3210|alpino_lc|1461
T#clef2004_1023|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1024|8|33|820|alpino_lc|388
T#clef2004_1025|6|12|240|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_1026|13|883|30000|alpino_lc|15143
T#clef2004_1027|12|22|690|alpino_lc|608
T#clef2004_1028|17|18|1340|alpino_lc|635
T#clef2004_1029|11|16|1750|alpino_lc|996
T#clef2004_1030|15|48|1040|alpino_lc|572
T#clef2004_1031|7|10|330|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2004_1032|9|20|730|alpino_lc|249
T#clef2004_1033|8|22|1770|alpino_lc|730
T#clef2004_1034|6|2|270|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2004_1035|9|4|220|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2004_1036|9|315|4230|alpino_lc|1278
T#clef2004_1037|14|823|11980|alpino_lc|3927
T#clef2004_1038|8|18|620|alpino_lc|304
T#clef2004_1039|8|2|70|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2004_1040|8|18|2000|alpino_lc|1056
T#clef2004_1041|11|461|7090|alpino_lc|5858
T#clef2004_1042|8|26|1080|alpino_lc|641
T#clef2004_1043|8|12|900|alpino_lc|469
T#clef2004_1044|9|150|2140|alpino_lc|1153
T#clef2004_1045|8|15|970|alpino_lc|544
T#clef2004_1046|7|4|140|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_1047|5|3|60|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2004_1048|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1049|11|70|7380|alpino_lc|4104
T#clef2004_1050|9|24|1320|alpino_lc|952
T#clef2004_1051|6|10|360|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2004_1052|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1053|7|6|430|alpino_lc|254
T#clef2004_1054|5|2|50|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_1055|6|14|580|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2004_1056|8|22|1260|alpino_lc|778
T#clef2004_1057|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1058|8|57|2030|alpino_lc|1094
T#clef2004_1059|8|18|660|alpino_lc|266
T#clef2004_1060|5|7|260|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2004_1061|7|8|260|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2004_1062|6|30|1060|alpino_lc|494
T#clef2004_1063|8|9|670|alpino_lc|317
T#clef2004_1064|10|48|2440|alpino_lc|1130
T#clef2004_1065|4|5|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1066|7|14|1580|alpino_lc|434
T#clef2004_1067|7|12|690|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_1068|7|2|140|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2004_1069|10|22|410|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2004_1070|8|44|1270|alpino_lc|439
T#clef2004_1071|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1072|4|10|190|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_1073|8|8|500|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2004_1074|8|57|1030|alpino_lc|430
T#clef2004_1075|6|2|150|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2004_1076|8|2|510|alpino_lc|220
T#clef2004_1077|10|16|1280|alpino_lc|848
T#clef2004_1078|6|2|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_1079|7|8|540|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_1080|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_1081|8|10|710|alpino_lc|387
T#clef2004_1082|7|13|510|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2004_1083|10|48|1950|alpino_lc|1043
T#clef2004_1084|6|8|740|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2004_1085|8|14|1040|alpino_lc|659
T#clef2004_1086|9|21|1560|alpino_lc|1018
T#clef2004_1087|8|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_1088|10|18|1340|alpino_lc|940
T#clef2004_1089|9|2|310|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2004_1090|9|16|1200|alpino_lc|696
T#clef2004_1091|7|26|500|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2004_1092|7|16|730|alpino_lc|402
T#clef2004_1093|6|2|70|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_1094|9|3|710|alpino_lc|450
T#clef2004_1095|9|10|710|alpino_lc|262
T#clef2004_1096|8|11|600|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2004_1097|10|8|760|alpino_lc|359
T#clef2004_1098|7|7|370|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2004_1099|11|24|570|alpino_lc|207
T#clef2004_1100|7|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2004_1101|7|2|630|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2004_1102|6|8|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_1103|7|16|410|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2004_1104|8|29|1480|alpino_lc|1024
T#clef2004_1105|6|8|310|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2004_1106|7|4|90|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2004_1107|7|12|690|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_1108|7|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2004_1109|9|54|1240|alpino_lc|654
T#clef2004_1110|8|12|1190|alpino_lc|888
T#clef2004_1111|6|2|210|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2004_1112|5|1|110|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2004_1113|10|9|960|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2004_1114|12|42|3440|alpino_lc|749
T#clef2004_1115|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2004_1116|5|1|20|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2004_1117|9|26|1400|alpino_lc|642
T#clef2004_1118|9|5|600|alpino_lc|272
T#clef2004_1119|10|56|1720|alpino_lc|786
T#clef2004_1120|6|3|570|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2004_1121|12|57|2830|alpino_lc|1839
T#clef2004_1122|8|81|5300|alpino_lc|2329
T#clef2004_1123|6|10|670|alpino_lc|582
T#clef2004_1124|6|10|520|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2004_1125|4|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_1126|10|88|4840|alpino_lc|1930
T#clef2004_1127|7|38|1490|alpino_lc|523
T#clef2004_1128|7|16|310|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2004_1129|8|10|960|alpino_lc|634
T#clef2004_1130|7|12|370|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_1131|6|4|130|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2004_1132|6|6|170|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_1133|8|31|1770|alpino_lc|1048
T#clef2004_1134|11|86|4370|alpino_lc|1543
T#clef2004_1135|7|2|140|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_1136|5|2|100|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_1137|6|7|330|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2004_1138|9|29|1710|alpino_lc|1281
T#clef2004_1139|5|4|230|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2004_1140|5|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_1141|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_1142|4|5|280|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_1143|6|5|540|alpino_lc|249
T#clef2004_1144|5|8|350|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2004_1145|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_1146|5|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_1147|9|18|3150|alpino_lc|917
T#clef2004_1148|5|3|220|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_1149|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_1150|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0001|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0002|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0003|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0004|5|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0005|10|72|1300|alpino_lc|813
T#clef2005_0006|8|11|990|alpino_lc|348
T#clef2005_0007|11|28|1000|alpino_lc|336
T#clef2005_0008|11|16|670|alpino_lc|586
T#clef2005_0009|11|26|1060|alpino_lc|940
T#clef2005_0010|9|15|470|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2005_0011|11|31|930|alpino_lc|540
T#clef2005_0012|6|4|220|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2005_0013|8|26|530|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2005_0014|6|8|370|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2005_0015|14|12|620|alpino_lc|630
T#clef2005_0016|8|18|1720|alpino_lc|1268
T#clef2005_0017|8|44|1430|alpino_lc|439
T#clef2005_0018|5|7|360|alpino_lc|188
T#clef2005_0019|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0020|6|2|190|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0021|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0022|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0023|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0024|10|39|760|alpino_lc|383
T#clef2005_0025|7|4|230|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2005_0026|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0027|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0028|8|12|600|alpino_lc|238
T#clef2005_0029|6|4|70|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0030|5|2|220|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2005_0031|5|2|210|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2005_0032|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0033|5|2|240|alpino_lc|118
T#clef2005_0034|5|2|190|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2005_0035|5|7|340|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2005_0036|5|4|290|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2005_0037|12|122|3170|alpino_lc|2022
T#clef2005_0038|15|750|5460|alpino_lc|1840
T#clef2005_0039|13|2826|14500|alpino_lc|4359
T#clef2005_0040|5|7|420|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2005_0041|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0042|10|1347|6680|alpino_lc|1962
T#clef2005_0043|9|20|1000|alpino_lc|479
T#clef2005_0044|5|5|280|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2005_0045|6|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0046|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0047|5|2|200|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0048|6|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0049|7|13|720|alpino_lc|409
T#clef2005_0050|7|4|190|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2005_0051|8|8|510|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2005_0052|11|4|240|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2005_0053|6|15|720|alpino_lc|283
T#clef2005_0054|6|8|320|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2005_0055|6|8|130|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2005_0056|8|10|480|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2005_0057|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0058|6|8|350|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2005_0059|6|8|380|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2005_0060|7|49|2380|alpino_lc|914
T#clef2005_0061|6|27|390|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2005_0062|7|80|770|alpino_lc|260
T#clef2005_0063|16|45|3000|alpino_lc|2395
T#clef2005_0064|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0065|7|7|330|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2005_0066|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0067|8|8|530|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2005_0068|7|4|110|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2005_0069|6|4|130|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2005_0070|12|658|9330|alpino_lc|3508
T#clef2005_0071|7|12|680|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2005_0072|9|78|1720|alpino_lc|719
T#clef2005_0073|10|60|2450|alpino_lc|857
T#clef2005_0074|5|3|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2005_0075|7|10|330|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2005_0076|8|8|570|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2005_0077|19|5672|43030|alpino_lc|9144
T#clef2005_0078|9|61|1350|alpino_lc|732
T#clef2005_0079|11|46|2000|alpino_lc|837
T#clef2005_0080|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0081|8|22|1060|alpino_lc|549
T#clef2005_0082|4|3|280|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0083|4|5|190|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0084|9|12|270|alpino_lc|123
T#clef2005_0085|14|60|2030|alpino_lc|2950
T#clef2005_0086|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0087|8|94|1700|alpino_lc|1147
T#clef2005_0088|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0089|8|14|860|alpino_lc|546
T#clef2005_0090|8|8|500|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2005_0091|5|15|500|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2005_0092|12|44|2250|alpino_lc|1228
T#clef2005_0093|8|4|180|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2005_0094|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0095|8|14|860|alpino_lc|546
T#clef2005_0096|5|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0097|5|6|130|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0098|8|23|1240|alpino_lc|652
T#clef2005_0099|10|383|18410|alpino_lc|3681
T#clef2005_0100|6|20|1050|alpino_lc|489
T#clef2005_0101|6|14|470|alpino_lc|211
T#clef2005_0102|8|24|490|alpino_lc|267
T#clef2005_0103|7|12|270|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2005_0104|10|76|3080|alpino_lc|1810
T#clef2005_0105|9|15|1790|alpino_lc|780
T#clef2005_0106|5|5|380|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2005_0107|18|104|4350|alpino_lc|2178
T#clef2005_0108|8|38|1150|alpino_lc|484
T#clef2005_0109|7|26|1640|alpino_lc|1098
T#clef2005_0110|5|4|220|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2005_0111|10|45|3010|alpino_lc|1675
T#clef2005_0112|11|170|3710|alpino_lc|1715
T#clef2005_0113|5|5|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0114|11|48|740|alpino_lc|358
T#clef2005_0115|6|11|830|alpino_lc|447
T#clef2005_0116|5|6|120|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0117|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2005_0118|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2005_0119|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2005_0120|5|6|130|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0121|5|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0122|6|21|510|alpino_lc|220
T#clef2005_0123|6|8|370|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2005_0124|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0125|7|30|540|alpino_lc|278
T#clef2005_0126|4|2|210|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2005_0127|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0128|8|22|1050|alpino_lc|568
T#clef2005_0129|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2005_0130|4|5|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0131|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2005_0132|6|4|210|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2005_0133|7|24|1030|alpino_lc|496
T#clef2005_0134|7|27|800|alpino_lc|360
T#clef2005_0135|7|8|520|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2005_0136|8|14|860|alpino_lc|408
T#clef2005_0137|6|4|220|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2005_0138|11|78|2440|alpino_lc|1751
T#clef2005_0139|5|6|130|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0140|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0141|8|15|610|alpino_lc|411
T#clef2005_0142|5|4|230|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2005_0143|10|18|1260|alpino_lc|819
T#clef2005_0144|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0145|6|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0146|9|43|2130|alpino_lc|1545
T#clef2005_0147|5|5|310|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2005_0148|5|2|220|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2005_0149|9|43|1850|alpino_lc|1279
T#clef2005_0150|5|6|140|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0151|5|5|340|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2005_0152|11|425|4770|alpino_lc|1614
T#clef2005_0153|11|140|2530|alpino_lc|1409
T#clef2005_0154|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0155|8|43|1120|alpino_lc|499
T#clef2005_0156|15|164|3050|alpino_lc|1033
T#clef2005_0157|10|5|740|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2005_0158|8|10|270|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2005_0159|9|34|850|alpino_lc|356
T#clef2005_0160|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0161|7|44|1040|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2005_0162|6|34|640|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2005_0163|10|57|2150|alpino_lc|961
T#clef2005_0164|8|18|520|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2005_0165|7|8|530|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2005_0166|6|2|230|alpino_lc|90
T#clef2005_0167|7|12|690|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2005_0168|16|20|2770|alpino_lc|2806
T#clef2005_0169|10|24|600|alpino_lc|472
T#clef2005_0170|9|50|1780|alpino_lc|779
T#clef2005_0171|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0172|5|36|1160|alpino_lc|632
T#clef2005_0173|10|29|1820|alpino_lc|1169
T#clef2005_0174|5|4|230|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2005_0175|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0176|7|13|640|alpino_lc|312
T#clef2005_0177|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0178|5|6|140|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2005_0179|9|37|990|alpino_lc|565
T#clef2005_0180|7|7|330|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2005_0181|10|16|820|alpino_lc|586
T#clef2005_0182|7|12|740|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2005_0183|7|12|740|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2005_0184|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2005_0185|10|89|2950|alpino_lc|1416
T#clef2005_0186|7|2|100|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2005_0187|7|4|80|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2005_0188|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0189|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2005_0190|9|10|570|alpino_lc|474
T#clef2005_0191|4|5|200|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0192|8|20|690|alpino_lc|258
T#clef2005_0193|8|22|1200|alpino_lc|772
T#clef2005_0194|9|29|440|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2005_0195|8|31|710|alpino_lc|243
T#clef2005_0196|9|24|1460|alpino_lc|1033
T#clef2005_0197|9|6|310|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2005_0198|5|3|200|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0199|11|284|6340|alpino_lc|1847
T#clef2005_0200|12|982|17160|alpino_lc|9214
T#clef2006_0001|4|3|200|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2006_0002|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0003|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0004|6|12|260|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2006_0005|7|30|1070|alpino_lc|500
T#clef2006_0006|9|45|2430|alpino_lc|1061
T#clef2006_0007|8|14|630|alpino_lc|404
T#clef2006_0008|7|14|220|alpino_lc|92
T#clef2006_0009|11|275|4780|alpino_lc|1749
T#clef2006_0010|6|20|450|alpino_lc|115
T#clef2006_0011|10|168|4890|alpino_lc|1960
T#clef2006_0012|12|180|3970|alpino_lc|991
T#clef2006_0013|11|472|2830|alpino_lc|1737
T#clef2006_0014|10|48|940|alpino_lc|416
T#clef2006_0015|11|580|9320|alpino_lc|6656
T#clef2006_0016|5|4|320|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2006_0017|13|61|1730|alpino_lc|856
T#clef2006_0018|9|36|1140|alpino_lc|423
T#clef2006_0019|9|26|760|alpino_lc|355
T#clef2006_0020|8|14|720|alpino_lc|362
T#clef2006_0021|8|12|730|alpino_lc|535
T#clef2006_0022|6|7|430|alpino_lc|190
T#clef2006_0023|5|5|380|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2006_0024|6|27|640|alpino_lc|282
T#clef2006_0025|10|26|1170|alpino_lc|916
T#clef2006_0026|7|58|1200|alpino_lc|629
T#clef2006_0027|8|124|2840|alpino_lc|1084
T#clef2006_0028|13|163|2600|alpino_lc|1262
T#clef2006_0029|9|20|1190|alpino_lc|617
T#clef2006_0030|6|4|320|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2006_0031|13|666|18400|alpino_lc|9449
T#clef2006_0032|13|151|4670|alpino_lc|2989
T#clef2006_0033|5|1|130|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2006_0034|8|16|900|alpino_lc|320
T#clef2006_0035|8|15|560|alpino_lc|176
T#clef2006_0036|6|12|700|alpino_lc|189
T#clef2006_0037|4|2|210|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2006_0038|7|20|350|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2006_0039|9|120|600|alpino_lc|340
T#clef2006_0040|13|143|8250|alpino_lc|4009
T#clef2006_0041|9|17|1170|alpino_lc|541
T#clef2006_0042|12|6|2770|alpino_lc|1104
T#clef2006_0043|7|8|540|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2006_0044|4|6|290|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2006_0045|13|140|7640|alpino_lc|2017
T#clef2006_0046|12|437|5460|alpino_lc|2269
T#clef2006_0047|5|19|700|alpino_lc|274
T#clef2006_0048|13|363|5510|alpino_lc|1561
T#clef2006_0049|7|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2006_0050|7|7|240|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2006_0051|7|2|230|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2006_0052|9|16|850|alpino_lc|265
T#clef2006_0053|6|9|300|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2006_0054|7|2|280|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2006_0055|8|19|760|alpino_lc|331
T#clef2006_0056|6|7|220|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2006_0057|7|9|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0058|9|92|2400|alpino_lc|738
T#clef2006_0059|5|10|220|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2006_0060|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2006_0061|10|144|3890|alpino_lc|795
T#clef2006_0062|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0063|5|3|200|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2006_0064|10|142|2350|alpino_lc|1386
T#clef2006_0065|10|10|520|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2006_0066|7|40|440|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2006_0067|5|3|270|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2006_0068|8|417|19900|alpino_lc|4018
T#clef2006_0069|8|18|1730|alpino_lc|903
T#clef2006_0070|9|4|180|alpino_lc|71
T#clef2006_0071|7|3|120|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2006_0072|12|82|2650|alpino_lc|1174
T#clef2006_0073|16|3264|17380|alpino_lc|3939
T#clef2006_0074|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2006_0075|4|3|180|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0076|4|3|40|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2006_0077|6|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2006_0078|10|50|2660|alpino_lc|830
T#clef2006_0079|4|3|260|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0080|4|4|320|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2006_0081|5|4|290|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2006_0082|9|10|570|alpino_lc|261
T#clef2006_0083|13|2290|14310|alpino_lc|5135
T#clef2006_0084|7|5|450|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2006_0085|9|30|700|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2006_0086|10|6|540|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2006_0087|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0088|8|8|180|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2006_0089|7|2|170|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2006_0090|9|60|1100|alpino_lc|631
T#clef2006_0091|7|90|1490|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2006_0092|10|57|2840|alpino_lc|1532
T#clef2006_0093|8|2|250|alpino_lc|288
T#clef2006_0094|9|4|1000|alpino_lc|892
T#clef2006_0095|5|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2006_0096|17|17627|661890|alpino_lc|92872
T#clef2006_0097|5|1|120|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2006_0098|9|4|190|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2006_0099|7|2|90|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2006_0100|8|12|1120|alpino_lc|933
T#clef2006_0101|12|79|4220|alpino_lc|1382
T#clef2006_0102|12|4|170|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2006_0103|4|4|280|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2006_0104|6|17|620|alpino_lc|189
T#clef2006_0105|5|5|250|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2006_0106|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0107|4|2|260|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2006_0108|23|3670|18970|alpino_lc|3881
T#clef2006_0109|6|11|880|alpino_lc|447
T#clef2006_0110|6|14|620|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2006_0111|8|15|450|alpino_lc|310
T#clef2006_0112|9|43|2160|alpino_lc|1545
T#clef2006_0113|7|11|1070|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2006_0114|4|8|310|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2006_0115|16|140|3540|alpino_lc|2478
T#clef2006_0116|7|8|210|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2006_0117|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2006_0118|6|10|270|alpino_lc|118
T#clef2006_0119|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0120|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0121|8|43|1070|alpino_lc|499
T#clef2006_0122|5|7|340|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2006_0123|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0124|5|7|370|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2006_0125|6|4|180|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2006_0126|5|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0127|6|2|80|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2006_0128|19|35845|272140|alpino_lc|50518
T#clef2006_0129|7|24|360|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2006_0130|11|82|3700|alpino_lc|1055
T#clef2006_0131|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2006_0132|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2006_0133|5|2|50|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2006_0134|4|4|70|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2006_0135|10|10|270|alpino_lc|158
T#clef2006_0136|6|7|400|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2006_0137|5|8|350|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2006_0138|11|152|9790|alpino_lc|5376
T#clef2006_0139|5|4|130|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2006_0140|5|3|290|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2006_0141|8|9|280|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2006_0142|7|7|300|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2006_0143|5|2|620|alpino_lc|156
T#clef2006_0144|5|2|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0145|10|34|4270|alpino_lc|2065
T#clef2006_0146|5|4|230|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2006_0147|3|2|50|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2006_0148|10|336|6030|alpino_lc|1499
T#clef2006_0149|14|26|2420|alpino_lc|675
T#clef2006_0150|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0151|8|8|690|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2006_0152|5|7|190|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2006_0153|6|3|310|alpino_lc|160
T#clef2006_0154|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2006_0155|4|4|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2006_0156|9|37|9000|alpino_lc|2686
T#clef2006_0157|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0158|6|14|300|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2006_0159|9|2|400|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2006_0160|12|342|3480|alpino_lc|1375
T#clef2006_0161|20|time_out|900150|alpino_lc|219533
T#clef2006_0162|11|331|10680|alpino_lc|4769
T#clef2006_0163|8|69|1780|alpino_lc|562
T#clef2006_0164|8|22|1230|alpino_lc|772
T#clef2006_0165|13|359|7840|alpino_lc|3001
T#clef2006_0166|12|53|2580|alpino_lc|1455
T#clef2006_0167|9|100|4370|alpino_lc|1767
T#clef2006_0168|10|65|7790|alpino_lc|3294
T#clef2006_0169|12|2|390|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2006_0170|12|554|4760|alpino_lc|1035
T#clef2006_0171|5|3|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2006_0172|5|2|250|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2006_0173|8|43|2030|alpino_lc|1544
T#clef2006_0174|11|16|4140|alpino_lc|1347
T#clef2006_0175|10|96|3640|alpino_lc|976
T#clef2006_0176|8|5|950|alpino_lc|565
T#clef2006_0177|10|33|830|alpino_lc|266
T#clef2006_0178|13|250|7770|alpino_lc|5820
T#clef2006_0179|10|372|2530|alpino_lc|1248
T#clef2006_0180|9|82|2160|alpino_lc|915
T#clef2006_0181|10|25|3080|alpino_lc|1284
T#clef2006_0182|14|136|4500|alpino_lc|1376
T#clef2006_0183|14|28|2620|alpino_lc|1570
T#clef2006_0184|6|59|1520|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2006_0185|12|17|3330|alpino_lc|1449
T#clef2006_0186|7|16|880|alpino_lc|328
T#clef2006_0187|9|480|6490|alpino_lc|2238
T#clef2006_0188|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0189|6|4|280|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2006_0190|4|5|240|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2006_0191|4|5|250|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2006_0192|7|17|720|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2006_0193|5|5|260|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2006_0194|7|8|240|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2006_0195|6|9|710|alpino_lc|329
T#clef2006_0196|5|1|240|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2006_0197|7|31|340|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2006_0198|14|714|15340|alpino_lc|14051
T#clef2006_0199|8|12|700|alpino_lc|535
T#clef2006_0200|8|4|420|alpino_lc|271
T#clef2007_0001-1600|8|8|510|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2007_0002-1600|5|7|370|alpino_lc|291
T#clef2007_0003-1600|6|4|600|alpino_lc|222
T#clef2007_0004-1601|5|3|240|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2007_0005-1601|12|101|3360|alpino_lc|2390
T#clef2007_0006-1601|9|58|2930|alpino_lc|892
T#clef2007_0007-1602|6|14|710|alpino_lc|288
T#clef2007_0008-1603|9|5|780|alpino_lc|307
T#clef2007_0009-1603|10|7|810|alpino_lc|371
T#clef2007_0010-1604|10|8|460|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2007_0011-1605|7|24|940|alpino_lc|321
T#clef2007_0012-1605|9|12|1030|alpino_lc|604
T#clef2007_0013-1606|5|4|240|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2007_0014-1606|5|5|590|alpino_lc|150
T#clef2007_0015-1606|7|51|980|alpino_lc|514
T#clef2007_0016-1606|7|3|110|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2007_0017-1607|10|50|1820|alpino_lc|726
T#clef2007_0018-1607|12|8|2330|alpino_lc|2054
T#clef2007_0019-1608|8|20|2450|alpino_lc|1098
T#clef2007_0020-1608|9|11|330|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2007_0021-1608|8|46|630|alpino_lc|528
T#clef2007_0022-1608|6|2|80|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2007_0023-1609|10|61|2210|alpino_lc|904
T#clef2007_0024-1609|6|1|230|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2007_0025-1609|10|24|1850|alpino_lc|790
T#clef2007_0026-1609|4|10|360|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2007_0027-1610|8|4|210|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2007_0028-1610|8|6|260|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2007_0029-1611|12|103|3560|alpino_lc|1026
T#clef2007_0030-1611|4|4|290|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2007_0031-1611|7|10|190|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2007_0032-1611|8|6|200|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2007_0033-1612|9|46|2610|alpino_lc|1716
T#clef2007_0034-1613|6|7|340|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2007_0035-1613|11|180|4810|alpino_lc|2211
T#clef2007_0036-1613|7|23|920|alpino_lc|234
T#clef2007_0037-1613|7|12|400|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2007_0038-1614|9|31|1560|alpino_lc|679
T#clef2007_0039-1614|9|45|250|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2007_0040-1615|13|822|14240|alpino_lc|7899
T#clef2007_0041-1615|6|4|340|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2007_0042-1616|8|8|590|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2007_0043-1616|10|4|440|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2007_0044-1616|5|4|750|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2007_0045-1617|9|25|1470|alpino_lc|827
T#clef2007_0046-1617|6|7|520|alpino_lc|178
T#clef2007_0047-1618|14|150|630|alpino_lc|236
T#clef2007_0048-1619|5|12|640|alpino_lc|189
T#clef2007_0049-1619|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2007_0050-1619|11|344|6510|alpino_lc|1660
T#clef2007_0051-1620|9|9|230|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2007_0052-1620|8|16|1370|alpino_lc|865
T#clef2007_0053-1620|7|4|150|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2007_0054-1621|12|28|1920|alpino_lc|1244
T#clef2007_0055-1621|6|5|330|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2007_0056-1621|12|4|410|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2007_0057-1622|12|552|4800|alpino_lc|2448
T#clef2007_0058-1622|8|16|800|alpino_lc|584
T#clef2007_0059-1622|8|98|1110|alpino_lc|588
T#clef2007_0060-1622|5|2|50|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2007_0061-1623|10|350|4700|alpino_lc|1265
T#clef2007_0062-1623|7|8|850|alpino_lc|615
T#clef2007_0063-1624|7|6|290|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2007_0064-1625|5|2|200|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2007_0065-1625|9|8|1140|alpino_lc|775
T#clef2007_0066-1626|9|37|1010|alpino_lc|353
T#clef2007_0067-1627|5|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0068-1628|9|5|200|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2007_0069-1628|7|40|1090|alpino_lc|428
T#clef2007_0070-1629|10|42|1400|alpino_lc|1108
T#clef2007_0071-1629|10|19|2750|alpino_lc|1283
T#clef2007_0072-1629|5|14|1100|alpino_lc|441
T#clef2007_0073-1629|5|4|760|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2007_0074-1630|6|9|520|alpino_lc|246
T#clef2007_0075-1630|7|6|260|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2007_0076-1631|12|86|2220|alpino_lc|1807
T#clef2007_0077-1631|16|1923|66640|alpino_lc|41106
T#clef2007_0078-1631|6|4|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0079-1632|6|19|610|alpino_lc|219
T#clef2007_0080-1633|11|494|6910|alpino_lc|2246
T#clef2007_0081-1634|8|45|1530|alpino_lc|1093
T#clef2007_0082-1635|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2007_0083-1636|14|760|21250|alpino_lc|6089
T#clef2007_0084-1636|5|2|110|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2007_0085-1637|8|10|670|alpino_lc|325
T#clef2007_0086-1637|10|18|350|alpino_lc|276
T#clef2007_0087-1637|6|8|520|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2007_0088-1638|6|12|580|alpino_lc|301
T#clef2007_0089-1638|6|14|2370|alpino_lc|501
T#clef2007_0090-1638|5|2|170|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2007_0091-1638|8|6|120|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2007_0092-1639|7|17|500|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2007_0093-1639|6|12|600|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2007_0094-1639|6|13|650|alpino_lc|321
T#clef2007_0095-1639|5|3|150|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2007_0096-1640|5|5|360|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2007_0097-1640|5|2|180|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2007_0098-1640|6|8|390|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2007_0099-1640|6|6|340|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2007_0100-1641|7|12|730|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2007_0101-1641|12|1439|21300|alpino_lc|8569
T#clef2007_0102-1641|10|72|2930|alpino_lc|1483
T#clef2007_0103-1641|5|3|230|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2007_0104-1642|9|52|3460|alpino_lc|1834
T#clef2007_0105-1642|9|463|12370|alpino_lc|3086
T#clef2007_0106-1642|5|3|220|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2007_0107-1642|5|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2007_0108-1643|9|34|920|alpino_lc|444
T#clef2007_0109-1643|9|12|1120|alpino_lc|414
T#clef2007_0110-1643|7|5|240|alpino_lc|120
T#clef2007_0111-1643|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2007_0112-1644|9|5|650|alpino_lc|445
T#clef2007_0113-1644|5|10|560|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2007_0114-1644|9|16|1460|alpino_lc|685
T#clef2007_0115-1644|6|11|670|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2007_0116-1645|9|122|3770|alpino_lc|1410
T#clef2007_0117-1645|9|39|2010|alpino_lc|1564
T#clef2007_0118-1645|10|17|1350|alpino_lc|361
T#clef2007_0119-1646|7|8|420|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2007_0120-1647|6|2|220|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2007_0121-1648|11|72|1350|alpino_lc|573
T#clef2007_0122-1648|5|2|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2007_0123-1648|9|13|490|alpino_lc|328
T#clef2007_0124-1649|6|2|80|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2007_0125-1650|10|62|3100|alpino_lc|1015
T#clef2007_0126-1650|7|9|220|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2007_0127-1650|7|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2007_0128-1651|7|7|330|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2007_0129-1651|8|9|320|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2007_0130-1651|7|73|1370|alpino_lc|913
T#clef2007_0131-1652|6|5|370|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2007_0132-1653|5|14|470|alpino_lc|208
T#clef2007_0133-1653|8|5|600|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2007_0134-1653|8|27|640|alpino_lc|363
T#clef2007_0135-1654|12|28|390|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2007_0136-1654|5|7|330|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2007_0137-1655|6|37|1290|alpino_lc|526
T#clef2007_0138-1655|6|4|110|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2007_0139-1656|7|4|450|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2007_0140-1656|12|215|3990|alpino_lc|1876
T#clef2007_0141-1656|11|80|3360|alpino_lc|1187
T#clef2007_0142-1657|6|4|380|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2007_0143-1657|8|34|620|alpino_lc|280
T#clef2007_0144-1657|8|47|920|alpino_lc|437
T#clef2007_0145-1658|7|4|120|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2007_0146-1658|7|13|800|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2007_0147-1658|8|29|2790|alpino_lc|1465
T#clef2007_0148-1658|8|8|650|alpino_lc|381
T#clef2007_0149-1659|10|52|2280|alpino_lc|974
T#clef2007_0150-1659|8|31|1310|alpino_lc|1031
T#clef2007_0151-1660|4|4|200|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2007_0152-1660|6|15|460|alpino_lc|174
T#clef2007_0153-1660|5|2|180|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2007_0154-1661|10|187|40700|alpino_lc|1665
T#clef2007_0155-1661|9|35|2730|alpino_lc|1423
T#clef2007_0156-1662|5|4|310|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2007_0157-1662|6|3|290|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2007_0158-1662|11|39|1900|alpino_lc|1769
T#clef2007_0159-1662|5|4|720|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2007_0160-1663|5|5|410|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2007_0161-1663|7|12|530|alpino_lc|384
T#clef2007_0162-1663|6|2|160|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2007_0163-1664|8|16|470|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2007_0164-1664|5|8|600|alpino_lc|310
T#clef2007_0165-1664|9|41|1740|alpino_lc|1518
T#clef2007_0166-1665|4|5|210|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2007_0167-1665|5|4|310|alpino_lc|226
T#clef2007_0168-1666|5|10|610|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2007_0169-1666|6|30|230|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2007_0170-1667|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2007_0171-1667|11|499|18830|alpino_lc|9496
T#clef2007_0172-1668|8|2|1190|alpino_lc|221
T#clef2007_0173-1668|9|78|1650|alpino_lc|641
T#clef2007_0174-1668|9|108|2890|alpino_lc|1493
T#clef2007_0175-1668|9|16|960|alpino_lc|653
T#clef2007_0176-1669|10|356|8400|alpino_lc|3159
T#clef2007_0177-1669|6|12|490|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2007_0178-1669|5|7|330|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2007_0179-1669|6|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2007_0180-1670|6|8|330|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2007_0181-1670|8|57|1950|alpino_lc|766
T#clef2007_0182-1671|5|3|320|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2007_0183-1671|8|45|900|alpino_lc|719
T#clef2007_0184-1671|5|38|390|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2007_0185-1672|4|2|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2007_0186-1672|5|4|590|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2007_0187-1672|5|5|740|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2007_0188-1672|6|27|650|alpino_lc|449
T#clef2007_0189-1673|5|4|70|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2007_0190-1674|10|44|1860|alpino_lc|1321
T#clef2007_0191-1674|7|27|1130|alpino_lc|777
T#clef2007_0192-1674|4|3|240|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2007_0193-1675|11|448|11360|alpino_lc|4543
T#clef2007_0194-1675|10|125|1690|alpino_lc|576
T#clef2007_0195-1675|7|4|90|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2007_0196-1676|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2007_0197-1676|7|20|810|alpino_lc|319
T#clef2007_0198-1676|5|6|120|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2007_0199-1677|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2007_0200-1677|5|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_0001-2300|8|184|2320|alpino_lc|417
T#clef2008_0002-2300|9|4|420|alpino_lc|153
T#clef2008_0003-2300|8|14|3070|alpino_lc|827
T#clef2008_0004-2300|16|508|3190|alpino_lc|903
T#clef2008_0005-2301|6|6|290|alpino_lc|158
T#clef2008_0006-2301|5|2|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_0007-2301|7|8|530|alpino_lc|220
T#clef2008_0008-2301|8|17|500|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2008_0009-2302|6|4|270|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2008_0010-2302|8|8|120|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2008_0011-2302|11|95|1070|alpino_lc|846
T#clef2008_0012-2302|7|5|270|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2008_0013-2303|9|27|750|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2008_0014-2303|7|52|1170|alpino_lc|541
T#clef2008_0015-2303|5|2|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0016-2303|4|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_0017-2304|5|2|200|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_0018-2304|5|7|340|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2008_0019-2304|9|7|1730|alpino_lc|1022
T#clef2008_0020-2304|5|2|150|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_0021-2305|15|113|12420|alpino_lc|3702
T#clef2008_0022-2305|6|5|450|alpino_lc|187
T#clef2008_0023-2305|9|10|390|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2008_0024-2305|12|90|10890|alpino_lc|2265
T#clef2008_0025-2306|14|62|13180|alpino_lc|2132
T#clef2008_0026-2306|8|86|4500|alpino_lc|647
T#clef2008_0027-2306|6|8|510|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2008_0028-2306|13|18|8010|alpino_lc|2289
T#clef2008_0029-2307|8|56|680|alpino_lc|350
T#clef2008_0030-2307|10|5|380|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2008_0031-2307|12|284|9360|alpino_lc|5596
T#clef2008_0032-2307|12|117|2000|alpino_lc|1007
T#clef2008_0033-2308|9|102|1930|alpino_lc|1192
T#clef2008_0034-2308|6|10|1280|alpino_lc|450
T#clef2008_0035-2308|9|4|490|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2008_0036-2308|9|16|350|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_0037-2309|8|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0038-2309|4|3|60|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2008_0039-2309|8|3|550|alpino_lc|444
T#clef2008_0040-2309|5|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_0041-2310|8|20|490|alpino_lc|269
T#clef2008_0042-2310|8|38|1490|alpino_lc|327
T#clef2008_0043-2310|7|8|500|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2008_0044-2310|9|6|710|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2008_0045-2311|6|3|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_0046-2311|6|5|210|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2008_0047-2311|7|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_0048-2311|9|36|580|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2008_0049-2312|9|4|280|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2008_0050-2312|11|8|2310|alpino_lc|1688
T#clef2008_0051-2312|9|2|420|alpino_lc|168
T#clef2008_0052-2313|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_0053-2313|5|4|170|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2008_0054-2313|8|51|2470|alpino_lc|645
T#clef2008_0055-2313|12|753|18410|alpino_lc|11956
T#clef2008_0056-2314|8|8|630|alpino_lc|426
T#clef2008_0057-2314|9|42|1330|alpino_lc|809
T#clef2008_0058-2314|13|5|780|alpino_lc|358
T#clef2008_0059-2315|10|12|420|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2008_0060-2315|14|110|13610|alpino_lc|3159
T#clef2008_0061-2315|11|41|1510|alpino_lc|517
T#clef2008_0062-2316|10|15|720|alpino_lc|637
T#clef2008_0063-2316|6|29|1210|alpino_lc|517
T#clef2008_0064-2316|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_0065-2317|8|126|4760|alpino_lc|2689
T#clef2008_0066-2317|6|16|690|alpino_lc|310
T#clef2008_0067-2317|7|38|760|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_0068-2318|8|30|1030|alpino_lc|459
T#clef2008_0069-2318|9|84|3090|alpino_lc|1907
T#clef2008_0070-2318|18|390|5230|alpino_lc|3916
T#clef2008_0071-2319|10|421|25900|alpino_lc|7957
T#clef2008_0072-2319|16|134|13380|alpino_lc|2072
T#clef2008_0073-2320|12|101|1150|alpino_lc|711
T#clef2008_0074-2320|8|2|400|alpino_lc|247
T#clef2008_0075-2321|12|32|1040|alpino_lc|517
T#clef2008_0076-2321|13|16|3580|alpino_lc|2312
T#clef2008_0077-2322|6|10|380|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2008_0078-2322|7|10|280|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2008_0079-2323|9|4|300|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_0080-2323|7|2|110|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2008_0081-2324|14|844|19860|alpino_lc|6660
T#clef2008_0082-2324|5|2|180|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_0083-2325|10|24|1400|alpino_lc|819
T#clef2008_0084-2325|13|103|4290|alpino_lc|2165
T#clef2008_0085-2326|6|2|160|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_0086-2326|6|2|180|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2008_0087-2327|10|48|730|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2008_0088-2327|8|38|320|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2008_0089-2328|8|9|150|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_0090-2328|6|10|760|alpino_lc|274
T#clef2008_0091-2329|5|8|400|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2008_0092-2329|7|114|1050|alpino_lc|536
T#clef2008_0093-2330|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_0094-2331|9|27|430|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2008_0095-2331|6|4|310|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2008_0096-2332|8|22|350|alpino_lc|149
T#clef2008_0097-2333|7|5|480|alpino_lc|246
T#clef2008_0098-2334|9|5|1490|alpino_lc|718
T#clef2008_0099-2335|9|64|1840|alpino_lc|940
T#clef2008_0100-2336|4|3|290|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_0101-2337|11|159|6590|alpino_lc|1180
T#clef2008_0102-2338|10|36|1780|alpino_lc|1182
T#clef2008_0103-2339|9|60|1600|alpino_lc|1034
T#clef2008_0104-2340|5|7|390|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_0105-2341|6|6|280|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2008_0106-2342|6|35|820|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2008_0107-2343|14|182|3750|alpino_lc|2131
T#clef2008_0108-2344|7|37|750|alpino_lc|236
T#clef2008_0109-2345|6|6|210|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2008_0110-2346|17|4088|45590|alpino_lc|9405
T#clef2008_0111-2347|15|1168|42150|alpino_lc|22523
T#clef2008_0112-2348|7|16|220|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2008_0113-2348|8|39|460|alpino_lc|341
T#clef2008_0114-2349|14|93|2670|alpino_lc|1450
T#clef2008_0115-2350|13|10938|58170|alpino_lc|7752
T#clef2008_0116-2351|16|14572|72920|alpino_lc|7438
T#clef2008_0117-2352|15|531|18090|alpino_lc|5733
T#clef2008_0118-2353|8|8|410|alpino_lc|264
T#clef2008_0119-2354|7|2|170|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2008_0120-2355|10|4|590|alpino_lc|248
T#clef2008_0121-2356|7|38|1910|alpino_lc|383
T#clef2008_0122-2357|13|184|4830|alpino_lc|3590
T#clef2008_0123-2357|9|20|1540|alpino_lc|967
T#clef2008_0124-2358|10|183|4860|alpino_lc|1660
T#clef2008_0125-2358|5|2|170|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_0126-2359|7|10|320|alpino_lc|200
T#clef2008_0127-2360|17|912|16980|alpino_lc|5806
T#clef2008_0128-2361|11|146|3720|alpino_lc|2225
T#clef2008_0129-2362|13|77|7580|alpino_lc|2365
T#clef2008_0130-2363|6|11|360|alpino_lc|175
T#clef2008_0131-2364|10|44|1610|alpino_lc|470
T#clef2008_0132-2365|16|403|8800|alpino_lc|2947
T#clef2008_0133-2366|8|35|1150|alpino_lc|741
T#clef2008_0134-2367|11|56|1300|alpino_lc|597
T#clef2008_0135-2368|7|20|720|alpino_lc|314
T#clef2008_0136-2369|7|16|170|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2008_0137-2370|6|37|690|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2008_0138-2371|10|21|1180|alpino_lc|747
T#clef2008_0139-2372|11|459|6290|alpino_lc|2354
T#clef2008_0140-2373|9|16|860|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2008_0141-2374|17|295|9940|alpino_lc|4452
T#clef2008_0142-2375|12|19|830|alpino_lc|456
T#clef2008_0143-2376|5|6|370|alpino_lc|120
T#clef2008_0144-2377|12|950|9860|alpino_lc|7433
T#clef2008_0145-2378|4|2|200|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_0146-2379|11|32|310|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_0147-2380|11|27|620|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2008_0148-2381|18|time_out|900190|alpino_lc|41123
T#clef2008_0149-2382|10|31|1200|alpino_lc|396
T#clef2008_0150-2383|8|74|3000|alpino_lc|515
T#clef2008_0151-2384|11|392|7200|alpino_lc|2212
T#clef2008_0152-2385|10|10|640|alpino_lc|318
T#clef2008_0153-2386|12|279|12180|alpino_lc|4359
T#clef2008_0154-2387|5|3|200|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_0155-2388|15|1691|5640|alpino_lc|1582
T#clef2008_0156-2389|22|time_out|897360|alpino_lc|129777
T#clef2008_0157-2390|9|35|1730|alpino_lc|1239
T#clef2008_0158-2391|8|26|2160|alpino_lc|852
T#clef2008_0159-2392|7|2|200|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2008_0160-2393|7|25|520|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2008_0161-2394|7|8|240|alpino_lc|151
T#clef2008_0162-2395|13|235|8860|alpino_lc|1756
T#clef2008_0163-2396|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_0164-2397|8|72|1400|alpino_lc|742
T#clef2008_0165-2398|8|2|80|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2008_0166-2399|6|3|90|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2008_0167-2400|12|7|2200|alpino_lc|1292
T#clef2008_0168-2401|18|882|22630|alpino_lc|7951
T#clef2008_0169-2402|11|8|750|alpino_lc|304
T#clef2008_0170-2403|9|24|1860|alpino_lc|1208
T#clef2008_0171-2404|13|25|4560|alpino_lc|1136
T#clef2008_0172-2405|5|3|280|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2008_0173-2406|8|35|1620|alpino_lc|865
T#clef2008_0174-2407|13|335|4810|alpino_lc|2110
T#clef2008_0175-2408|5|5|370|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2008_0176-2409|8|4|350|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_0177-2410|11|122|3800|alpino_lc|1365
T#clef2008_0178-2411|9|24|560|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2008_0179-2412|9|53|1240|alpino_lc|596
T#clef2008_0180-2413|13|40|1850|alpino_lc|991
T#clef2008_0181-2414|15|5827|79210|alpino_lc|28483
T#clef2008_0182-2415|11|53|3800|alpino_lc|2223
T#clef2008_0183-2416|14|516|9520|alpino_lc|4607
T#clef2008_0184-2417|11|72|1310|alpino_lc|632
T#clef2008_0185-2418|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2008_0186-2419|8|60|5350|alpino_lc|2050
T#clef2008_0187-2420|10|411|11780|alpino_lc|3645
T#clef2008_0188-2421|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_0189-2422|12|162|1970|alpino_lc|946
T#clef2008_0190-2423|9|120|6830|alpino_lc|2770
T#clef2008_0191-2424|7|13|250|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2008_0192-2425|5|11|740|alpino_lc|304
T#clef2008_0193-2426|7|2|1000|alpino_lc|221
T#clef2008_0194-2427|17|1029|10250|alpino_lc|5686
T#clef2008_0195-2428|15|632|14270|alpino_lc|8186
T#clef2008_0196-2429|12|8254|52650|alpino_lc|9342
T#clef2008_0197-2430|6|20|520|alpino_lc|260
T#clef2008_0198-2431|11|12|1620|alpino_lc|1214
T#clef2008_0199-2432|14|1008|16790|alpino_lc|5731
T#clef2008_0200-2433|7|6|270|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2008_nl2en0001-44|6|2|100|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_nl2en0002-44|7|9|580|alpino_lc|337
T#clef2008_nl2en0003-44|5|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_nl2en0004-44|7|2|130|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2en0005-53_2|9|18|2010|alpino_lc|1056
T#clef2008_nl2en0006-53_2|6|3|170|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2008_nl2en0007-53_2|6|5|260|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_nl2en0008-53_2|8|6|470|alpino_lc|183
T#clef2008_nl2en0009-21|8|52|1180|alpino_lc|426
T#clef2008_nl2en0010-21|5|5|290|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2008_nl2en0011-24|13|173|12300|alpino_lc|3787
T#clef2008_nl2en0012-24|7|9|890|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2008_nl2en0013-31|8|34|2920|alpino_lc|1469
T#clef2008_nl2en0014-31|6|4|190|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2008_nl2en0015-31|14|109|8980|alpino_lc|6294
T#clef2008_nl2en0016-34|10|52|2750|alpino_lc|618
T#clef2008_nl2en0017-34|8|59|1320|alpino_lc|603
T#clef2008_nl2en0018-34|9|100|1270|alpino_lc|620
T#clef2008_nl2en0019-40|12|69|4140|alpino_lc|1353
T#clef2008_nl2en0020-40|9|130|2990|alpino_lc|1492
T#clef2008_nl2en0021-43|10|44|3150|alpino_lc|1459
T#clef2008_nl2en0022-43|9|286|5210|alpino_lc|1057
T#clef2008_nl2en0023-46|5|8|470|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2008_nl2en0024-47|10|965|12410|alpino_lc|2556
T#clef2008_nl2en0025-47|9|199|9010|alpino_lc|5254
T#clef2008_nl2en0026-50|7|12|240|alpino_lc|164
T#clef2008_nl2en0027-52|8|1|270|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2008_nl2en0028-52|14|88|920|alpino_lc|276
T#clef2008_nl2en0029-55|6|14|700|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2008_nl2en0030-56|11|96|1230|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2008_nl2en0031-56|11|24|990|alpino_lc|660
T#clef2008_nl2en0032-56|8|24|660|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2008_nl2en0033-56|10|171|3070|alpino_lc|1129
T#clef2008_nl2en0034-3|10|22|930|alpino_lc|371
T#clef2008_nl2en0035-3|10|5|1080|alpino_lc|442
T#clef2008_nl2en0036-44|11|6|430|alpino_lc|295
T#clef2008_nl2en0037-45|12|4550|23500|alpino_lc|2487
T#clef2008_nl2en0038-45|8|14|620|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2008_nl2en0039-48|9|32|1060|alpino_lc|239
T#clef2008_nl2en0040-49|4|8|140|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2en0041-51|13|1576|34720|alpino_lc|15291
T#clef2008_nl2en0042-52|16|24|710|alpino_lc|369
T#clef2008_nl2en0043-54|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0044-54|6|6|180|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2008_nl2en0045-54|9|12|1320|alpino_lc|661
T#clef2008_nl2en0046-54|9|138|1940|alpino_lc|735
T#clef2008_nl2en0047-58|10|242|4030|alpino_lc|1223
T#clef2008_nl2en0048-59|16|2529|18360|alpino_lc|6027
T#clef2008_nl2en0049-1_5|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0050-1_5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2008_nl2en0051-4|9|89|4230|alpino_lc|826
T#clef2008_nl2en0052-4|6|5|370|alpino_lc|151
T#clef2008_nl2en0053-4|8|35|1140|alpino_lc|447
T#clef2008_nl2en0054-4|7|102|1210|alpino_lc|427
T#clef2008_nl2en0055-7|14|16|3160|alpino_lc|1737
T#clef2008_nl2en0056-7|5|2|120|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_nl2en0057-12|9|24|890|alpino_lc|419
T#clef2008_nl2en0058-14_1|11|313|6360|alpino_lc|2622
T#clef2008_nl2en0059-15|4|3|270|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0060-16|4|3|230|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0061-17_2|10|380|4260|alpino_lc|1812
T#clef2008_nl2en0062-17|13|1113|17730|alpino_lc|3008
T#clef2008_nl2en0063-19|10|67|2610|alpino_lc|1525
T#clef2008_nl2en0064-20|8|68|2360|alpino_lc|1137
T#clef2008_nl2en0065-21|8|50|1360|alpino_lc|411
T#clef2008_nl2en0066-22|6|8|410|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2008_nl2en0067-24|6|30|1130|alpino_lc|494
T#clef2008_nl2en0068-25|14|54|2510|alpino_lc|775
T#clef2008_nl2en0069-26|7|9|1340|alpino_lc|355
T#clef2008_nl2en0070-28_8|6|14|590|alpino_lc|322
T#clef2008_nl2en0071-28_8|25|160|35670|alpino_lc|12860
T#clef2008_nl2en0072-30|14|73|2830|alpino_lc|3081
T#clef2008_nl2en0073-30|12|16|1760|alpino_lc|845
T#clef2008_nl2en0074-32|10|48|1920|alpino_lc|798
T#clef2008_nl2en0075-34|9|36|960|alpino_lc|361
T#clef2008_nl2en0076-35|9|104|2740|alpino_lc|973
T#clef2008_nl2en0077-36|8|21|1430|alpino_lc|604
T#clef2008_nl2en0078-37|8|8|430|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2008_nl2en0079-43|19|time_out|862880|alpino_lc|157670
T#clef2008_nl2en0080-44|13|400|9270|alpino_lc|2200
T#clef2008_nl2en0081-44|11|602|7980|alpino_lc|2761
T#clef2008_nl2en0082-27|9|75|1500|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2008_nl2en0083-28|7|1|770|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2008_nl2en0084-29|13|48|1670|alpino_lc|896
T#clef2008_nl2en0085-31|5|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2008_nl2en0086-33_8|9|26|870|alpino_lc|527
T#clef2008_nl2en0087-34_7|10|460|4720|alpino_lc|294
T#clef2008_nl2en0088-35_4|8|9|1240|alpino_lc|620
T#clef2008_nl2en0089-36|11|159|1020|alpino_lc|472
T#clef2008_nl2en0090-37|7|20|530|alpino_lc|379
T#clef2008_nl2en0091-38|7|140|2070|alpino_lc|1004
T#clef2008_nl2en0092-39|13|488|5190|alpino_lc|1764
T#clef2008_nl2en0093-40|8|35|1210|alpino_lc|665
T#clef2008_nl2en0094-42|8|76|1560|alpino_lc|923
T#clef2008_nl2en0095-43_5|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0096-44|11|128|2610|alpino_lc|1301
T#clef2008_nl2en0097-45|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_nl2en0098-46|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0099-47_0|7|8|320|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0100-48_3|5|5|410|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_nl2en0101-49_6|11|4|690|alpino_lc|260
T#clef2008_nl2en0102-50_9|9|16|1130|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2008_nl2en0103-51|6|13|610|alpino_lc|309
T#clef2008_nl2en0104-52_3|6|14|520|alpino_lc|278
T#clef2008_nl2en0105-53_3|8|102|2990|alpino_lc|830
T#clef2008_nl2en0106-55|7|31|970|alpino_lc|258
T#clef2008_nl2en0107-54|11|8|560|alpino_lc|230
T#clef2008_nl2en0108-56_9|8|24|990|alpino_lc|437
T#clef2008_nl2en0109-57_9|8|12|270|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2008_nl2en0110-58|5|9|320|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2008_nl2en0111-59|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_nl2en0112-0|9|1|280|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2008_nl2en0113-1|7|29|1140|alpino_lc|281
T#clef2008_nl2en0114-2|12|182|1860|alpino_lc|1225
T#clef2008_nl2en0115-3|8|173|3590|alpino_lc|943
T#clef2008_nl2en0116-4|8|30|710|alpino_lc|389
T#clef2008_nl2en0117-6_2|8|38|720|alpino_lc|406
T#clef2008_nl2en0118-8_0|10|72|1900|alpino_lc|703
T#clef2008_nl2en0119-8|15|2606|20390|alpino_lc|8949
T#clef2008_nl2en0120-10|8|16|330|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2008_nl2en0121-11|8|136|1600|alpino_lc|484
T#clef2008_nl2en0122-13_3|11|78|2830|alpino_lc|1538
T#clef2008_nl2en0123-14_9|7|12|720|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2008_nl2en0124-15|11|98|3690|alpino_lc|2951
T#clef2008_nl2en0125-16_2|7|10|280|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2008_nl2en0126-17|7|5|240|alpino_lc|112
T#clef2008_nl2en0127-18|10|80|2940|alpino_lc|1825
T#clef2008_nl2en0128-19|14|112|1800|alpino_lc|1008
T#clef2008_nl2en0129-19|7|23|4870|alpino_lc|1049
T#clef2008_nl2en0130-45|5|3|190|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_nl2en0131-45|15|8637|63450|alpino_lc|13089
T#clef2008_nl2en0132-42|7|2|100|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2008_nl2en0133-42|6|6|160|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2008_nl2en0134-42|14|504|5820|alpino_lc|2456
T#clef2008_nl2en0135-47|5|7|370|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_nl2en0136-7_9|5|2|100|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2008_nl2en0137-48|6|14|530|alpino_lc|278
T#clef2008_nl2en0138-49|8|51|1360|alpino_lc|660
T#clef2008_nl2en0139-50|5|3|220|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_nl2en0140-52_3|11|53|2080|alpino_lc|521
T#clef2008_nl2en0141-53_1|5|2|210|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2en0142-53|8|12|800|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2008_nl2en0143-53|8|24|2070|alpino_lc|740
T#clef2008_nl2en0144-56|6|15|660|alpino_lc|330
T#clef2008_nl2en0145-57|6|7|260|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2008_nl2en0146-57|9|26|980|alpino_lc|252
T#clef2008_nl2en0147-59|15|72|1720|alpino_lc|826
T#clef2008_nl2en0148-0|9|24|1870|alpino_lc|1041
T#clef2008_nl2en0149-0|10|359|2910|alpino_lc|1299
T#clef2008_nl2en0150-3_8|17|16695|132800|alpino_lc|78999
T#clef2008_nl2en0151-4|8|50|4180|alpino_lc|1948
T#clef2008_nl2en0152-6|18|2548|14910|alpino_lc|7809
T#clef2008_nl2en0153-8_2|7|3|300|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2008_nl2en0154-8|8|34|3220|alpino_lc|1469
T#clef2008_nl2en0155-9|9|4|480|alpino_lc|300
T#clef2008_nl2en0156-10|16|1089|23860|alpino_lc|4001
T#clef2008_nl2en0157-14|14|401|11910|alpino_lc|4514
T#clef2008_nl2en0158-15|6|16|450|alpino_lc|249
T#clef2008_nl2en0159-17_7|10|20|490|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2008_nl2en0160-18_4|6|2|120|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2008_nl2en0161-19_6|7|4|220|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2008_nl2en0162-24|13|201|7400|alpino_lc|4124
T#clef2008_nl2en0163-26|8|14|480|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_nl2en0164-27|11|89|8830|alpino_lc|4660
T#clef2008_nl2en0165-28|12|218|4820|alpino_lc|2385
T#clef2008_nl2en0166-29|7|6|230|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2008_nl2en0167-30|6|16|450|alpino_lc|249
T#clef2008_nl2en0168-31|11|80|1650|alpino_lc|789
T#clef2008_nl2en0169-32|8|107|1730|alpino_lc|566
T#clef2008_nl2en0170-49_1|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0171-50|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0172-51|6|5|350|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_nl2en0173-52|6|7|390|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2008_nl2en0174-53|14|158|2300|alpino_lc|1725
T#clef2008_nl2en0175-2|10|248|4160|alpino_lc|1058
T#clef2008_nl2en0176-3|9|6|890|alpino_lc|670
T#clef2008_nl2en0177-5|7|13|890|alpino_lc|277
T#clef2008_nl2en0178-6|8|43|2430|alpino_lc|1544
T#clef2008_nl2en0179-7|7|17|1130|alpino_lc|562
T#clef2008_nl2en0180-9|8|9|510|alpino_lc|219
T#clef2008_nl2en0181-9|8|40|1160|alpino_lc|345
T#clef2008_nl2en0182-11|9|8|270|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2008_nl2en0183-12|14|554|4380|alpino_lc|1936
T#clef2008_nl2en0184-13|15|410|9980|alpino_lc|8064
T#clef2008_nl2en0185-14|17|6790|115550|alpino_lc|40428
T#clef2008_nl2en0186-15|13|140|2520|alpino_lc|745
T#clef2008_nl2en0187-16|13|164|3770|alpino_lc|745
T#clef2008_nl2en0188-18_4|13|482|11720|alpino_lc|3427
T#clef2008_nl2en0189-19|8|4|160|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2008_nl2en0190-20|7|38|1390|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2008_nl2en0191-21|5|4|100|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2008_nl2en0192-22|12|594|9930|alpino_lc|6418
T#clef2008_nl2en0193-23|12|64|2520|alpino_lc|1887
T#clef2008_nl2en0194-24|12|26|1900|alpino_lc|855
T#clef2008_nl2en0195-25|5|5|300|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_nl2en0196-26|6|7|260|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2008_nl2en0197-28|7|11|800|alpino_lc|259
T#clef2008_nl2en0198-29|9|416|4660|alpino_lc|1168
T#clef2008_nl2en0199-18|10|58|2100|alpino_lc|833
T#clef2008_nl2en0200-22|7|59|1380|alpino_lc|641
T#clef2008_nl2es0001-9|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0002-12|6|2|220|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2es0003-12|8|4|780|alpino_lc|313
T#clef2008_nl2es0004-12|12|183|1880|alpino_lc|809
T#clef2008_nl2es0005-15|13|1974|40480|alpino_lc|13378
T#clef2008_nl2es0006-15|8|11|1680|alpino_lc|1352
T#clef2008_nl2es0007-17|5|5|370|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2008_nl2es0008-17|10|38|550|alpino_lc|234
T#clef2008_nl2es0009-19|5|4|100|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2008_nl2es0010-19|5|6|200|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2008_nl2es0011-21|7|2|130|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2es0012-21|7|3|850|alpino_lc|588
T#clef2008_nl2es0013-23|9|23|550|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2008_nl2es0014-23|5|3|160|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_nl2es0015-25|6|13|760|alpino_lc|284
T#clef2008_nl2es0016-25|11|35|1080|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2008_nl2es0017-26|8|21|500|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2008_nl2es0018-26|6|23|510|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2008_nl2es0019-28|9|57|1410|alpino_lc|423
T#clef2008_nl2es0020-28|5|4|170|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2008_nl2es0021-28|7|2|120|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2008_nl2es0022-31|5|2|280|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2008_nl2es0023-31|5|4|730|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2008_nl2es0024-33|8|3|510|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2008_nl2es0025-33|7|4|110|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2008_nl2es0026-34|6|4|230|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2008_nl2es0027-34|5|5|720|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2008_nl2es0028-37|6|8|550|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2008_nl2es0029-37|7|14|860|alpino_lc|335
T#clef2008_nl2es0030-38|7|17|940|alpino_lc|278
T#clef2008_nl2es0031-38|10|241|11440|alpino_lc|1807
T#clef2008_nl2es0032-38|10|184|4610|alpino_lc|1305
T#clef2008_nl2es0033-42|10|21|2050|alpino_lc|866
T#clef2008_nl2es0034-42|7|6|210|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2008_nl2es0035-44|5|14|500|alpino_lc|208
T#clef2008_nl2es0036-44|11|44|970|alpino_lc|771
T#clef2008_nl2es0037-44|5|4|170|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2008_nl2es0038-47_8|13|172|4920|alpino_lc|2793
T#clef2008_nl2es0039-47_8|9|48|1520|alpino_lc|738
T#clef2008_nl2es0040-48|4|5|270|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2008_nl2es0041-48|7|22|1670|alpino_lc|543
T#clef2008_nl2es0042-50|7|5|750|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2008_nl2es0043-50|6|16|310|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2008_nl2es0044-50|8|70|3890|alpino_lc|1175
T#clef2008_nl2es0045-50|6|5|110|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2008_nl2es0046-57_1|10|65|1280|alpino_lc|740
T#clef2008_nl2es0047-57_1|5|1|190|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2008_nl2es0048-57_1|5|15|380|alpino_lc|272
T#clef2008_nl2es0049-59|11|88|5910|alpino_lc|3253
T#clef2008_nl2es0050-59|7|7|530|alpino_lc|240
T#clef2008_nl2es0051-1|7|28|1610|alpino_lc|881
T#clef2008_nl2es0052-1|7|7|560|alpino_lc|252
T#clef2008_nl2es0053-3_3|5|27|1240|alpino_lc|321
T#clef2008_nl2es0054-3_3|9|6|410|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2008_nl2es0055-4|9|10|730|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2008_nl2es0056-4|8|6|490|alpino_lc|278
T#clef2008_nl2es0057-6|10|11|1490|alpino_lc|1109
T#clef2008_nl2es0058-6|7|33|1030|alpino_lc|430
T#clef2008_nl2es0059-6|6|7|220|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2008_nl2es0060-8|6|22|640|alpino_lc|234
T#clef2008_nl2es0061-8|6|6|310|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2008_nl2es0062-8|10|272|2910|alpino_lc|994
T#clef2008_nl2es0063-8|11|37|2490|alpino_lc|2645
T#clef2008_nl2es0064-11|10|17|1630|alpino_lc|771
T#clef2008_nl2es0065-11|6|7|210|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0066-12|9|68|1940|alpino_lc|905
T#clef2008_nl2es0067-12|7|12|650|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2008_nl2es0068-12|8|40|290|alpino_lc|112
T#clef2008_nl2es0069-14|7|6|370|alpino_lc|193
T#clef2008_nl2es0070-14|10|1|330|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2008_nl2es0071-16|7|20|1180|alpino_lc|658
T#clef2008_nl2es0072-16|7|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2008_nl2es0073-18|10|15|1960|alpino_lc|950
T#clef2008_nl2es0074-18|6|6|120|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2008_nl2es0075-18|7|15|1210|alpino_lc|498
T#clef2008_nl2es0076-21_7|8|16|640|alpino_lc|345
T#clef2008_nl2es0077-21_7|5|7|160|alpino_lc|123
T#clef2008_nl2es0078-22|6|8|340|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2008_nl2es0079-22|8|352|2690|alpino_lc|675
T#clef2008_nl2es0080-23|6|7|290|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2008_nl2es0081-23|7|30|1030|alpino_lc|407
T#clef2008_nl2es0082-25|8|9|980|alpino_lc|467
T#clef2008_nl2es0083-25|7|12|280|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_nl2es0084-25|6|6|190|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2008_nl2es0085-27|8|48|1120|alpino_lc|571
T#clef2008_nl2es0086-27|6|2|200|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2008_nl2es0087-36_3|4|3|260|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0088-36_3|5|7|500|alpino_lc|302
T#clef2008_nl2es0089-37|9|56|1370|alpino_lc|668
T#clef2008_nl2es0090-37|8|18|1630|alpino_lc|526
T#clef2008_nl2es0091-39_4|11|175|2490|alpino_lc|1264
T#clef2008_nl2es0092-39_4|9|104|1500|alpino_lc|713
T#clef2008_nl2es0093-39_4|8|5|290|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2008_nl2es0094-28|6|6|270|alpino_lc|144
T#clef2008_nl2es0095-28|6|39|460|alpino_lc|242
T#clef2008_nl2es0096-40|8|29|1740|alpino_lc|547
T#clef2008_nl2es0097-40|9|6|620|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2008_nl2es0098-42|6|3|210|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2008_nl2es0099-42|8|4|520|alpino_lc|461
T#clef2008_nl2es0100-42|6|7|410|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2008_nl2es0101-45|12|159|6470|alpino_lc|2618
T#clef2008_nl2es0102-45|7|34|980|alpino_lc|266
T#clef2008_nl2es0103-46|6|20|400|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2008_nl2es0104-47|11|16|1580|alpino_lc|1003
T#clef2008_nl2es0105-47|8|4|390|alpino_lc|461
T#clef2008_nl2es0106-49|7|12|700|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2008_nl2es0107-50|8|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2008_nl2es0108-50|8|40|1010|alpino_lc|411
T#clef2008_nl2es0109-51|7|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2008_nl2es0110-52|6|5|150|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2es0111-53|6|10|240|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_nl2es0112-54|11|86|8520|alpino_lc|4099
T#clef2008_nl2es0113-55|8|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2008_nl2es0114-56|10|20|410|alpino_lc|211
T#clef2008_nl2es0115-57|6|4|290|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2008_nl2es0116-58|8|9|1090|alpino_lc|268
T#clef2008_nl2es0118-59|8|23|1540|alpino_lc|635
T#clef2008_nl2es0119-0|10|102|2580|alpino_lc|1046
T#clef2008_nl2es0120-2|7|35|1630|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2008_nl2es0121-2|8|27|510|alpino_lc|279
T#clef2008_nl2es0122-3|6|2|140|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2es0123-4|7|8|260|alpino_lc|118
T#clef2008_nl2es0124-5|6|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2es0125-6_4|7|28|1210|alpino_lc|342
T#clef2008_nl2es0126-6|10|58|3550|alpino_lc|2288
T#clef2008_nl2es0127-7|12|50|3500|alpino_lc|1943
T#clef2008_nl2es0128-8|9|40|540|alpino_lc|267
T#clef2008_nl2es0129-9|13|10|330|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2008_nl2es0130-10|14|79|6950|alpino_lc|5552
T#clef2008_nl2es0131-29|5|14|590|alpino_lc|208
T#clef2008_nl2es0132-11|19|1230|45390|alpino_lc|31281
T#clef2008_nl2es0133-30_1|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0134-30|17|520|11890|alpino_lc|10028
T#clef2008_nl2es0135-31|8|106|2540|alpino_lc|1099
T#clef2008_nl2es0136-32|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0137-33|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_nl2es0138-34_7|16|381|14770|alpino_lc|3233
T#clef2008_nl2es0139-34|16|796|6900|alpino_lc|2016
T#clef2008_nl2es0140-35|9|13|400|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2008_nl2es0141-36|9|112|1670|alpino_lc|705
T#clef2008_nl2es0142-37|10|268|8670|alpino_lc|2783
T#clef2008_nl2es0143-38|10|41|2470|alpino_lc|784
T#clef2008_nl2es0144-39|13|589|26350|alpino_lc|5674
T#clef2008_nl2es0145-41|17|820|8900|alpino_lc|3614
T#clef2008_nl2es0146-41|6|3|120|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2008_nl2es0147-42|13|492|6100|alpino_lc|2758
T#clef2008_nl2es0148-43|9|100|3060|alpino_lc|758
T#clef2008_nl2es0149-44|12|14|440|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2008_nl2es0150-45|10|80|910|alpino_lc|463
T#clef2008_nl2es0151-46_2|15|18|1670|alpino_lc|821
T#clef2008_nl2es0152-46|12|36|1510|alpino_lc|1334
T#clef2008_nl2es0153-47|9|70|3420|alpino_lc|1330
T#clef2008_nl2es0154-48|11|94|1730|alpino_lc|650
T#clef2008_nl2es0155-49|13|3028|15370|alpino_lc|4817
T#clef2008_nl2es0156-52_2|8|43|970|alpino_lc|525
T#clef2008_nl2es0157-52|10|12|510|alpino_lc|459
T#clef2008_nl2es0158-55|9|4|160|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2008_nl2es0159-56|9|3|330|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2008_nl2es0160-57|9|14|1030|alpino_lc|777
T#clef2008_nl2es0161-58_1|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2008_nl2es0162-59|9|8|270|alpino_lc|128
T#clef2008_nl2es0163-0|8|30|440|alpino_lc|301
T#clef2008_nl2es0164-1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2es0165-1|10|111|1850|alpino_lc|868
T#clef2008_nl2es0166-2_9|9|25|4700|alpino_lc|1615
T#clef2008_nl2es0167-2|5|5|250|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2008_nl2es0168-3_6|9|52|710|alpino_lc|216
T#clef2008_nl2es0169-3|5|5|280|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2008_nl2es0170-3|4|4|270|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_nl2es0171-5_3|5|3|230|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_nl2es0172-5|4|3|230|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0173-6|4|4|340|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_nl2es0174-7|5|4|300|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2008_nl2es0175-8_0|5|5|370|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2008_nl2es0176-9|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0177-10|12|62|2170|alpino_lc|1683
T#clef2008_nl2es0178-11|10|140|720|alpino_lc|275
T#clef2008_nl2es0179-12|7|8|630|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2008_nl2es0180-13|7|14|330|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2008_nl2es0181-14|10|52|1850|alpino_lc|943
T#clef2008_nl2es0182-15|10|106|2200|alpino_lc|977
T#clef2008_nl2es0183-16|12|10|1570|alpino_lc|321
T#clef2008_nl2es0184-16|8|5|850|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2008_nl2es0185-18|10|52|2700|alpino_lc|1739
T#clef2008_nl2es0186-18|9|78|1400|alpino_lc|433
T#clef2008_nl2es0187-19|8|53|2790|alpino_lc|876
T#clef2008_nl2es0188-20|8|6|380|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2008_nl2es0189-21|12|18|1500|alpino_lc|297
T#clef2008_nl2es0190-22|10|8|410|alpino_lc|164
T#clef2008_nl2es0191-23|15|1756|12290|alpino_lc|2512
T#clef2008_nl2es0192-24|7|2|230|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_nl2es0193-25|9|6|290|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2008_nl2es0194-26|8|24|890|alpino_lc|302
T#clef2008_nl2es0195-27|15|564|9700|alpino_lc|3312
T#clef2008_nl2es0196-28|12|68|1680|alpino_lc|880
T#clef2008_nl2es0197-29|13|232|2030|alpino_lc|555
T#clef2008_nl2es0198-29|11|17|720|alpino_lc|314
T#clef2008_nl2es0199-39|8|18|1180|alpino_lc|800
T#clef2008_nl2es0200-40|8|12|130|alpino_lc|50
T#qa_extra_1|5|2|110|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_2|5|2|90|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_3|6|2|130|alpino_lc|33
T#qa_extra_4|6|10|400|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_5|6|5|320|alpino_lc|131
T#qa_extra_6|6|19|600|alpino_lc|259
T#qa_extra_7|4|6|70|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_8|5|6|110|alpino_lc|64
T#qa_extra_9|9|39|1760|alpino_lc|699
T#qa_extra_10|8|2|840|alpino_lc|408
T#qa_extra_11|7|53|660|alpino_lc|293
T#qa_extra_12|7|13|240|alpino_lc|92
T#qa_extra_13|7|18|270|alpino_lc|105
T#qa_extra_14|7|15|1120|alpino_lc|370
T#qa_extra_15|8|26|720|alpino_lc|231
T#qa_extra_16|5|3|70|alpino_lc|33
T#qa_extra_17|4|3|100|alpino_lc|22
T#qa_extra_18|7|23|590|alpino_lc|148
T#qa_extra_19|7|65|700|alpino_lc|279
T#qa_extra_20|6|5|170|alpino_lc|71
T#qa_extra_21|6|12|240|alpino_lc|116
T#qa_extra_22|7|14|380|alpino_lc|158
T#qa_extra_23|7|14|360|alpino_lc|158
T#qa_extra_24|6|32|690|alpino_lc|276
T#qa_extra_25|9|30|1400|alpino_lc|906
T#qa_extra_26|6|10|420|alpino_lc|246
T#qa_extra_27|6|5|100|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_28|6|5|110|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_29|5|10|390|alpino_lc|164
T#qa_extra_30|8|9|800|alpino_lc|614
T#qa_extra_31|5|3|260|alpino_lc|138
T#qa_extra_32|5|2|40|alpino_lc|19
T#qa_extra_33|5|2|50|alpino_lc|19
T#qa_extra_34|6|4|70|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_35|10|44|1060|alpino_lc|763
T#qa_extra_36|7|4|100|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_37|8|50|1590|alpino_lc|543
T#qa_extra_38|8|21|1090|alpino_lc|420
T#qa_extra_39|9|26|910|alpino_lc|341
T#qa_extra_40|7|53|850|alpino_lc|316
T#qa_extra_41|8|45|2130|alpino_lc|757
T#qa_extra_42|7|8|250|alpino_lc|96
T#qa_extra_43|9|17|780|alpino_lc|360
T#qa_extra_44|9|9|500|alpino_lc|177
T#qa_extra_45|10|14|1050|alpino_lc|297
T#qa_extra_46|9|19|560|alpino_lc|205
T#qa_extra_47|4|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_48|4|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_49|4|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_50|4|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_51|6|5|210|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_52|10|6|520|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_53|5|3|130|alpino_lc|22
T#qa_extra_54|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#qa_extra_55|6|5|420|alpino_lc|185
T#qa_extra_56|7|25|820|alpino_lc|445
T#qa_extra_57|5|4|230|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_58|6|4|200|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_59|8|24|910|alpino_lc|627
T#qa_extra_60|8|2|160|alpino_lc|124
T#qa_extra_61|7|64|1170|alpino_lc|491
T#qa_extra_62|15|2473|25110|alpino_lc|7820
T#qa_extra_63|17|7486|63390|alpino_lc|16988
T#qa_extra_64|8|20|600|alpino_lc|363
T#qa_extra_65|9|190|3290|alpino_lc|819
T#qa_extra_66|7|20|420|alpino_lc|219
T#qa_extra_67|7|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_68|9|24|510|alpino_lc|337
T#qa_extra_69|7|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_70|9|18|830|alpino_lc|432
T#qa_extra_71|8|18|740|alpino_lc|290
T#qa_extra_72|7|10|330|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_73|5|6|120|alpino_lc|54
T#qa_extra_74|8|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_75|9|10|310|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_76|8|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#qa_extra_77|8|24|530|alpino_lc|336
T#qa_extra_78|9|163|1750|alpino_lc|1003
T#qa_extra_79|18|15176|77040|alpino_lc|16933
T#qa_extra_80|18|4617|32020|alpino_lc|10629
T#qa_extra_81|8|125|2390|alpino_lc|1009
T#qa_extra_82|6|26|310|alpino_lc|127
T#qa_extra_83|10|64|870|alpino_lc|502
T#qa_extra_84|8|6|240|alpino_lc|127
T#qa_extra_85|6|4|300|alpino_lc|117
T#qa_extra_86|6|4|350|alpino_lc|117
T#qa_extra_87|9|22|940|alpino_lc|446
T#qa_extra_88|6|4|280|alpino_lc|117
T#qa_extra_89|7|3|200|alpino_lc|69
T#qa_extra_90|7|5|340|alpino_lc|160
T#qa_extra_91|8|5|480|alpino_lc|266
T#qa_extra_92|9|28|2690|alpino_lc|1370
T#qa_extra_93|9|22|1220|alpino_lc|634
T#qa_extra_94|12|20|1530|alpino_lc|676
T#qa_extra_95|6|6|260|alpino_lc|144
T#qa_extra_96|7|16|470|alpino_lc|251
T#qa_extra_97|6|6|270|alpino_lc|144
T#qa_extra_98|7|62|1020|alpino_lc|410
T#qa_extra_99|6|7|900|alpino_lc|278
T#qa_extra_100|9|24|1210|alpino_lc|618
T#qa_extra_101|6|20|780|alpino_lc|251
T#qa_extra_102|7|1|210|alpino_lc|74
T#qa_extra_103|5|4|210|alpino_lc|117
T#qa_extra_104|5|4|200|alpino_lc|113
T#qa_extra_105|6|4|310|alpino_lc|305
T#qa_extra_106|9|12|430|alpino_lc|315
T#qa_extra_107|5|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_108|6|4|200|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_109|5|4|210|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_110|5|4|210|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_111|7|22|830|alpino_lc|488
T#qa_extra_112|5|4|220|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_113|5|4|210|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_114|6|10|890|alpino_lc|266
T#qa_extra_115|6|10|350|alpino_lc|180
T#qa_extra_116|5|4|230|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_117|5|4|220|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_118|5|4|250|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_119|7|10|320|alpino_lc|183
T#qa_extra_120|9|22|510|alpino_lc|351
T#qa_extra_121|9|22|510|alpino_lc|351
T#qa_extra_122|7|18|550|alpino_lc|270
T#qa_extra_123|7|40|1630|alpino_lc|423
T#qa_extra_124|6|8|330|alpino_lc|173
T#qa_extra_125|5|2|310|alpino_lc|129
T#qa_extra_126|7|8|280|alpino_lc|175
T#qa_extra_127|6|8|280|alpino_lc|172
T#qa_extra_128|6|8|280|alpino_lc|172
T#qa_extra_129|6|8|420|alpino_lc|180
T#qa_extra_130|6|2|80|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_131|9|35|1650|alpino_lc|435
T#qa_extra_132|8|16|660|alpino_lc|609
T#qa_extra_133|7|72|1590|alpino_lc|849
T#qa_extra_134|4|2|110|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_135|7|2|90|alpino_lc|36
T#qa_extra_136|5|2|80|alpino_lc|37
T#qa_extra_137|5|2|160|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_138|9|62|2780|alpino_lc|893
T#qa_extra_139|5|13|570|alpino_lc|248
T#qa_extra_140|6|18|520|alpino_lc|331
T#qa_extra_141|7|7|950|alpino_lc|512
T#qa_extra_142|10|102|3420|alpino_lc|850
T#qa_extra_143|9|35|1730|alpino_lc|925
T#qa_extra_144|6|2|110|alpino_lc|40
T#qa_extra_145|7|2|600|alpino_lc|298
T#qa_extra_146|9|5|410|alpino_lc|215
T#qa_extra_147|7|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#qa_extra_148|7|10|260|alpino_lc|149
T#qa_extra_149|6|2|110|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_150|8|2|800|alpino_lc|545
T#qa_extra_151|13|28|1030|alpino_lc|368
T#qa_extra_152|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_153|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_154|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_155|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_156|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_157|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_158|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_159|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_160|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_161|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_162|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_163|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_164|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_165|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_166|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_167|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_168|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_169|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_170|7|9|310|alpino_lc|146
T#qa_extra_171|7|9|280|alpino_lc|146
T#qa_extra_172|5|2|90|alpino_lc|31
T#qa_extra_173|6|28|830|alpino_lc|207
T#qa_extra_174|6|69|1570|alpino_lc|499
T#qa_extra_175|8|5|340|alpino_lc|77
T#qa_extra_176|7|1|160|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_177|7|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#qa_extra_178|7|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#qa_extra_179|6|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_180|6|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_181|6|30|650|alpino_lc|263
T#qa_extra_182|4|7|190|alpino_lc|38
T#qa_extra_183|8|2|1340|alpino_lc|577
T#qa_extra_184|8|12|580|alpino_lc|148
T#qa_extra_185|6|8|210|alpino_lc|85
T#qa_extra_186|8|1|210|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_187|6|10|650|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_188|6|1|140|alpino_lc|19
T#qa_extra_189|8|2|790|alpino_lc|298
T#qa_extra_190|7|34|600|alpino_lc|168
T#qa_extra_191|10|6|360|alpino_lc|221
T#qa_extra_192|9|70|430|alpino_lc|209
T#qa_extra_193|11|183|1960|alpino_lc|926
T#qa_extra_194|8|85|550|alpino_lc|285
T#qa_extra_195|7|2|250|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_196|8|2|200|alpino_lc|91
T#qa_extra_197|8|3|970|alpino_lc|594
T#qa_extra_198|6|3|150|alpino_lc|36
T#qa_extra_199|6|3|160|alpino_lc|36
T#qa_extra_200|7|2|620|alpino_lc|298
T#qa_extra_201|9|15|1230|alpino_lc|660
T#qa_extra_202|8|62|1680|alpino_lc|858
T#qa_extra_203|5|3|140|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_204|7|12|1820|alpino_lc|1116
T#qa_extra_205|6|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_206|6|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_207|6|105|870|alpino_lc|354
T#qa_extra_208|6|2|120|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_209|6|2|120|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_210|7|3|210|alpino_lc|54
T#qa_extra_211|8|12|300|alpino_lc|78
T#qa_extra_212|9|18|1890|alpino_lc|522
T#qa_extra_213|6|1|560|alpino_lc|169
T#qa_extra_214|9|12|170|alpino_lc|97
T#qa_extra_215|5|2|90|alpino_lc|31
T#qa_extra_216|6|17|390|alpino_lc|166
T#qa_extra_217|8|1|270|alpino_lc|58
T#qa_extra_218|6|3|420|alpino_lc|55
T#qa_extra_219|7|2|440|alpino_lc|185
T#qa_extra_220|7|6|400|alpino_lc|214
T#qa_extra_221|14|372|4840|alpino_lc|1424
T#qa_extra_222|7|50|1240|alpino_lc|357
T#qa_extra_223|10|42|1650|alpino_lc|775
T#qa_extra_224|12|12|850|alpino_lc|549
T#qa_extra_225|8|56|1320|alpino_lc|490
T#qa_extra_226|8|26|820|alpino_lc|362
T#qa_extra_227|6|11|580|alpino_lc|231
T#qa_extra_228|9|44|1180|alpino_lc|386
T#qa_extra_229|9|6|980|alpino_lc|442
T#qa_extra_230|9|20|1300|alpino_lc|533
T#qa_extra_231|9|2|510|alpino_lc|260
T#qa_extra_232|12|86|1600|alpino_lc|490
T#qa_extra_233|8|10|480|alpino_lc|225
T#qa_extra_234|8|30|580|alpino_lc|167
T#qa_extra_235|14|122|2480|alpino_lc|761
T#qa_extra_236|7|10|770|alpino_lc|360
T#qa_extra_237|10|26|1450|alpino_lc|721
T#qa_extra_238|10|52|1260|alpino_lc|368
T#qa_extra_239|7|20|750|alpino_lc|504
T#qa_extra_240|6|15|660|alpino_lc|282
T#qa_extra_241|10|353|3460|alpino_lc|705
T#qa_extra_242|12|99|1270|alpino_lc|518
T#qa_extra_243|6|8|190|alpino_lc|126
T#qa_extra_244|9|9|440|alpino_lc|168
T#qa_extra_245|9|5|440|alpino_lc|213
T#qa_extra_246|9|431|5020|alpino_lc|2026
T#qa_extra_247|7|46|1000|alpino_lc|528
T#qa_extra_248|8|18|230|alpino_lc|79
T#qa_extra_249|9|16|230|alpino_lc|94
T#qa_extra_250|8|48|970|alpino_lc|238
T#qa_extra_251|6|2|90|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_252|9|44|1270|alpino_lc|414
T#qa_extra_253|7|2|180|alpino_lc|92
T#qa_extra_254|16|699|6980|alpino_lc|2629
T#qa_extra_255|9|9|870|alpino_lc|394
T#qa_extra_256|6|30|1120|alpino_lc|494
T#qa_extra_257|5|5|240|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_258|5|9|520|alpino_lc|235
T#qa_extra_259|6|29|1550|alpino_lc|668
T#qa_extra_260|7|29|2990|alpino_lc|1700
T#qa_extra_261|8|10|1840|alpino_lc|668
T#qa_extra_262|7|13|1130|alpino_lc|381
T#qa_extra_263|7|3|400|alpino_lc|206
T#qa_extra_264|4|7|180|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_265|6|12|350|alpino_lc|117
T#qa_extra_266|5|10|240|alpino_lc|124
T#qa_extra_267|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_268|4|5|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_269|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_270|4|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_271|5|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_272|4|5|160|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_273|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_274|4|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_275|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_276|4|5|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_277|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_278|4|10|190|alpino_lc|64
T#qa_extra_279|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_280|4|5|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_281|4|5|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_282|6|10|270|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_283|6|47|820|alpino_lc|304
T#qa_extra_284|7|16|1170|alpino_lc|495
T#qa_extra_285|5|10|80|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_286|5|6|300|alpino_lc|101
T#qa_extra_287|7|18|1350|alpino_lc|469
T#qa_extra_288|8|19|2590|alpino_lc|1359
T#qa_extra_289|7|19|1550|alpino_lc|919
T#qa_extra_290|6|55|2840|alpino_lc|914
T#qa_extra_291|6|10|520|alpino_lc|294
T#qa_extra_292|5|2|60|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_293|5|2|50|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_294|5|2|50|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_295|5|10|430|alpino_lc|151
T#qa_extra_296|8|5|1300|alpino_lc|399
T#qa_extra_297|5|10|430|alpino_lc|184
T#qa_extra_298|6|8|150|alpino_lc|72
T#qa_extra_299|5|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#qa_extra_300|6|4|100|alpino_lc|40
T#qa_extra_301|7|24|790|alpino_lc|296
T#qa_extra_302|5|4|270|alpino_lc|114
T#qa_extra_303|8|60|4410|alpino_lc|1797
T#qa_extra_304|7|4|260|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_305|5|4|300|alpino_lc|114
T#qa_extra_306|5|6|370|alpino_lc|125
T#qa_extra_307|6|8|380|alpino_lc|125
T#qa_extra_308|8|9|590|alpino_lc|363
T#qa_extra_309|8|25|1440|alpino_lc|594
T#qa_extra_310|9|16|910|alpino_lc|523
T#qa_extra_311|6|8|400|alpino_lc|173
T#qa_extra_312|6|4|230|alpino_lc|126
T#qa_extra_313|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#qa_extra_314|7|3|230|alpino_lc|125
T#qa_extra_315|7|5|510|alpino_lc|178
T#qa_extra_316|6|4|370|alpino_lc|119
T#qa_extra_317|6|2|270|alpino_lc|103
T#qa_extra_318|5|2|270|alpino_lc|103
T#qa_extra_319|7|4|190|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_320|6|3|270|alpino_lc|67
T#qa_extra_321|6|4|390|alpino_lc|119
T#qa_extra_322|4|4|60|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_323|4|4|70|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_324|4|8|80|alpino_lc|31
T#qa_extra_325|4|4|60|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_326|4|4|60|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_327|6|5|150|alpino_lc|68
T#qa_extra_328|6|11|290|alpino_lc|121
T#qa_extra_329|5|5|120|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_330|4|4|70|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_331|8|36|910|alpino_lc|677
T#qa_extra_332|10|13|660|alpino_lc|440
T#qa_extra_333|9|48|1210|alpino_lc|829
T#qa_extra_334|5|6|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_335|6|48|1240|alpino_lc|398
T#qa_extra_336|6|42|1080|alpino_lc|392
T#qa_extra_337|6|48|1230|alpino_lc|398
T#qa_extra_338|6|64|2590|alpino_lc|566
T#qa_extra_339|6|26|900|alpino_lc|350
T#qa_extra_340|4|3|280|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_341|4|3|260|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_342|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_343|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_344|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_345|5|10|460|alpino_lc|186
T#qa_extra_346|7|8|690|alpino_lc|393
T#qa_extra_347|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_348|7|3|300|alpino_lc|113
T#qa_extra_349|4|3|240|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_350|4|3|230|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_351|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_352|4|6|300|alpino_lc|88
T#qa_extra_353|7|12|730|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_354|11|35|1180|alpino_lc|588
T#qa_extra_355|16|242|5860|alpino_lc|2814
T#qa_extra_356|9|105|2820|alpino_lc|1050
T#qa_extra_357|5|3|200|alpino_lc|84
T#qa_extra_358|7|12|730|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_359|10|29|1820|alpino_lc|1332
T#qa_extra_360|8|12|710|alpino_lc|535
T#qa_extra_361|6|12|520|alpino_lc|205
T#qa_extra_362|9|35|2590|alpino_lc|1419
T#qa_extra_363|9|35|1710|alpino_lc|1240
T#qa_extra_364|5|3|200|alpino_lc|84
T#qa_extra_365|8|57|2010|alpino_lc|1098
T#qa_extra_366|9|22|1110|alpino_lc|773
T#qa_extra_367|7|12|680|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_368|7|12|690|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_369|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_370|7|12|710|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_371|7|19|880|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_372|7|19|930|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_373|7|19|910|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_374|7|12|740|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_375|7|19|930|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_376|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_377|7|19|880|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_378|7|12|670|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_379|7|12|700|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_380|8|12|960|alpino_lc|824
T#qa_extra_381|7|19|840|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_382|10|37|2740|alpino_lc|1422
T#qa_extra_383|10|37|1860|alpino_lc|1366
T#qa_extra_384|7|19|940|alpino_lc|574
T#qa_extra_385|7|12|780|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_386|8|22|1160|alpino_lc|772
T#qa_extra_387|8|15|600|alpino_lc|411
T#qa_extra_388|7|24|1000|alpino_lc|705
T#qa_extra_389|7|7|390|alpino_lc|184
T#qa_extra_390|7|12|720|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_391|8|108|3310|alpino_lc|1606
T#qa_extra_392|8|12|660|alpino_lc|535
T#qa_extra_393|10|44|1520|alpino_lc|1144
T#qa_extra_394|8|24|1060|alpino_lc|823
T#qa_extra_395|7|28|1660|alpino_lc|737
T#qa_extra_396|7|12|720|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_397|8|36|1390|alpino_lc|900
T#qa_extra_398|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_399|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_400|4|3|250|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_401|6|13|740|alpino_lc|309
T#qa_extra_402|5|7|380|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_403|5|7|380|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_404|5|7|370|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_405|6|10|610|alpino_lc|292
T#qa_extra_406|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_407|5|7|420|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_408|5|14|510|alpino_lc|208
T#qa_extra_409|5|7|370|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_410|5|14|530|alpino_lc|208
T#qa_extra_411|5|7|450|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_412|6|16|1260|alpino_lc|500
T#qa_extra_413|5|7|390|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_414|5|7|390|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_415|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_416|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_417|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_418|5|9|640|alpino_lc|220
T#qa_extra_419|6|20|800|alpino_lc|406
T#qa_extra_420|5|7|350|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_421|5|7|370|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_422|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_423|9|114|4700|alpino_lc|3400
T#qa_extra_424|4|6|250|alpino_lc|89
T#qa_extra_425|8|112|6140|alpino_lc|2195
T#qa_extra_426|6|10|660|alpino_lc|329
T#qa_extra_427|6|12|670|alpino_lc|331
T#qa_extra_428|7|36|1450|alpino_lc|641
T#qa_extra_429|8|40|2080|alpino_lc|1124
T#qa_extra_430|8|126|4980|alpino_lc|2689
T#qa_extra_431|8|40|1820|alpino_lc|1124
T#qa_extra_432|8|63|2250|alpino_lc|1266
T#qa_extra_433|7|20|1380|alpino_lc|856
T#qa_extra_434|7|36|1650|alpino_lc|1051
T#qa_extra_435|8|40|3470|alpino_lc|1214
T#qa_extra_436|11|115|7970|alpino_lc|3544
T#qa_extra_437|6|32|1290|alpino_lc|826
T#qa_extra_438|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_439|4|6|280|alpino_lc|88
T#qa_extra_440|5|13|550|alpino_lc|275
T#qa_extra_441|4|6|270|alpino_lc|88
T#qa_extra_442|5|7|380|alpino_lc|181
T#qa_extra_443|5|7|500|alpino_lc|200
T#qa_extra_444|5|7|520|alpino_lc|200
T#qa_extra_445|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_446|4|6|240|alpino_lc|91
T#qa_extra_447|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_448|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_449|4|4|220|alpino_lc|87
T#qa_extra_450|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_451|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_452|4|9|350|alpino_lc|97
T#qa_extra_453|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_454|4|3|200|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_455|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_456|7|14|1220|alpino_lc|653
T#qa_extra_457|6|14|440|alpino_lc|150
T#qa_extra_458|5|9|190|alpino_lc|91
T#qa_extra_459|7|56|940|alpino_lc|451
T#qa_extra_460|12|15|560|alpino_lc|637
T#qa_extra_461|7|17|720|alpino_lc|302
T#qa_extra_462|9|126|8630|alpino_lc|3563
T#qa_extra_463|8|40|1760|alpino_lc|996
T#qa_extra_464|10|669|23940|alpino_lc|11360
T#qa_extra_465|8|39|3610|alpino_lc|1131
T#qa_extra_466|10|433|14730|alpino_lc|8316
T#qa_extra_467|5|11|470|alpino_lc|129
T#qa_extra_468|4|4|290|alpino_lc|68
T#qa_extra_469|7|8|660|alpino_lc|386
T#qa_extra_470|7|8|640|alpino_lc|386
T#qa_extra_471|6|2|310|alpino_lc|108
T#qa_extra_472|6|7|390|alpino_lc|150
T#qa_extra_473|11|160|2270|alpino_lc|1242
T#qa_extra_474|10|40|890|alpino_lc|488
T#qa_extra_475|6|12|830|alpino_lc|332
T#qa_extra_476|9|32|1500|alpino_lc|709
T#qa_extra_477|8|16|850|alpino_lc|557
T#qa_extra_478|11|89|2160|alpino_lc|1847
T#qa_extra_479|8|35|1500|alpino_lc|617
T#qa_extra_480|9|24|480|alpino_lc|142
T#qa_extra_481|16|6604|30670|alpino_lc|5296
T#qa_extra_482|7|35|1070|alpino_lc|443
T#qa_extra_483|14|18|510|alpino_lc|255
T#qa_extra_484|14|236|2920|alpino_lc|772
T#qa_extra_485|15|6554|27420|alpino_lc|4950
T#qa_extra_486|14|142|10640|alpino_lc|2200
T#qa_extra_487|7|6|310|alpino_lc|93
T#qa_extra_488|10|10|340|alpino_lc|228
T#qa_extra_489|7|30|750|alpino_lc|422
T#qa_extra_490|13|48|1670|alpino_lc|741
T#qa_extra_491|9|36|860|alpino_lc|472
T#qa_extra_492|9|87|1710|alpino_lc|930
T#qa_extra_493|7|2|130|alpino_lc|35
T#qa_extra_494|6|2|130|alpino_lc|33
T#qa_extra_495|7|4|200|alpino_lc|44
T#qa_extra_496|7|4|200|alpino_lc|44
T#qa_extra_497|12|484|4880|alpino_lc|3493
T#qa_extra_498|7|8|170|alpino_lc|76
T#qa_extra_499|5|20|110|alpino_lc|56
T#qa_extra_500|7|5|1750|alpino_lc|306
T#qa_extra_501|9|3|280|alpino_lc|115
T#qa_extra_502|9|10|340|alpino_lc|110
T#qa_extra_503|17|2927|71750|alpino_lc|42273
T#qa_extra_504|13|97|2400|alpino_lc|603
T#qa_extra_505|7|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#qa_extra_506|7|6|190|alpino_lc|68
T#qa_extra_507|7|6|180|alpino_lc|104
T#qa_extra_508|5|2|90|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_509|12|16|650|alpino_lc|287
T#qa_extra_510|8|2|140|alpino_lc|40
T#qa_extra_511|8|7|210|alpino_lc|58
T#qa_extra_512|7|6|210|alpino_lc|76
T#qa_extra_513|8|38|710|alpino_lc|224
T#qa_extra_514|6|7|180|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_515|6|7|210|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_516|6|4|230|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_517|12|309|7870|alpino_lc|2731
T#qa_extra_518|8|12|300|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_519|9|15|410|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_520|5|2|220|alpino_lc|118
T#qa_extra_521|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_522|4|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_523|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_524|5|10|400|alpino_lc|154
T#qa_extra_525|5|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_526|5|5|320|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_527|5|5|310|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_528|5|8|380|alpino_lc|150
T#qa_extra_529|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_530|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_531|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_532|5|4|240|alpino_lc|116
T#qa_extra_533|5|5|280|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_534|4|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_535|5|2|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_536|4|4|220|alpino_lc|66
T#qa_extra_537|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_538|5|12|440|alpino_lc|149
T#qa_extra_539|6|18|940|alpino_lc|505
T#qa_extra_540|5|4|250|alpino_lc|116
T#qa_extra_541|4|2|190|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_542|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_543|5|5|300|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_544|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_545|5|5|310|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_546|4|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_547|4|2|150|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_548|5|5|290|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_549|5|5|340|alpino_lc|135
T#qa_extra_550|5|7|360|alpino_lc|139
T#qa_extra_551|5|8|340|alpino_lc|149
T#qa_extra_552|5|5|280|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_553|4|4|220|alpino_lc|66
T#qa_extra_554|8|12|910|alpino_lc|628
T#qa_extra_555|7|8|530|alpino_lc|388
T#qa_extra_556|8|14|800|alpino_lc|546
T#qa_extra_557|7|26|730|alpino_lc|269
T#qa_extra_558|7|8|500|alpino_lc|380
T#qa_extra_559|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#qa_extra_560|7|13|730|alpino_lc|409
T#qa_extra_561|7|8|550|alpino_lc|380
T#qa_extra_562|6|8|340|alpino_lc|153
T#qa_extra_563|8|42|1250|alpino_lc|755
T#qa_extra_564|8|8|730|alpino_lc|512
T#qa_extra_565|7|15|770|alpino_lc|262
T#qa_extra_566|8|16|710|alpino_lc|404
T#qa_extra_567|5|2|170|alpino_lc|63
T#qa_extra_568|8|14|840|alpino_lc|546
T#qa_extra_569|8|10|480|alpino_lc|295
T#qa_extra_570|9|28|1640|alpino_lc|980
T#qa_extra_571|5|2|250|alpino_lc|63
T#qa_extra_572|10|60|2300|alpino_lc|1375
T#qa_extra_573|8|10|480|alpino_lc|295
T#qa_extra_574|8|48|1370|alpino_lc|777
T#qa_extra_575|7|8|580|alpino_lc|380
T#qa_extra_576|8|16|1010|alpino_lc|584
T#qa_extra_577|7|10|930|alpino_lc|395
T#qa_extra_578|7|14|1030|alpino_lc|554
T#qa_extra_579|7|28|1460|alpino_lc|724
T#qa_extra_580|9|10|890|alpino_lc|560
T#qa_extra_581|8|24|670|alpino_lc|333
T#qa_extra_582|11|672|8280|alpino_lc|6167
T#qa_extra_583|7|4|190|alpino_lc|50
T#qa_extra_584|10|2|710|alpino_lc|233
T#qa_extra_585|7|2|80|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_586|7|4|140|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_587|4|5|140|alpino_lc|31
T#qa_extra_588|10|109|1510|alpino_lc|578
T#qa_extra_589|10|416|5320|alpino_lc|1843
T#qa_extra_590|6|23|360|alpino_lc|189
T#qa_extra_591|11|120|2450|alpino_lc|1492
T#qa_extra_592|11|26|1170|alpino_lc|709
T#qa_extra_593|12|785|6320|alpino_lc|2555
T#qa_extra_594|14|112|1270|alpino_lc|633
T#qa_extra_595|7|20|1090|alpino_lc|485
T#qa_extra_596|4|2|190|alpino_lc|76
T#qa_extra_597|6|38|1490|alpino_lc|393
T#qa_extra_598|4|2|230|alpino_lc|76
T#qa_extra_599|5|7|430|alpino_lc|175
T#qa_extra_600|7|14|890|alpino_lc|328
T#qa_extra_601|15|104|2860|alpino_lc|1506
T#qa_extra_602|9|16|1110|alpino_lc|555
T#qa_extra_603|8|24|1250|alpino_lc|705
T#qa_extra_604|8|14|1070|alpino_lc|659
T#qa_extra_605|13|444|8280|alpino_lc|8274
T#qa_extra_606|10|16|1010|alpino_lc|717
T#qa_extra_607|13|133|7540|alpino_lc|5671
T#qa_extra_608|9|114|2330|alpino_lc|1153
T#qa_extra_609|5|5|400|alpino_lc|164
T#qa_extra_610|9|16|1190|alpino_lc|861
T#qa_extra_611|9|26|1380|alpino_lc|944
T#qa_extra_612|8|35|1660|alpino_lc|972
T#qa_extra_613|4|2|220|alpino_lc|74
T#qa_extra_614|9|64|1810|alpino_lc|1148
T#qa_extra_615|9|42|3790|alpino_lc|1347
T#qa_extra_616|9|16|790|alpino_lc|521
T#qa_extra_617|7|10|370|alpino_lc|95
T#qa_extra_618|9|78|2770|alpino_lc|415
T#qa_extra_619|9|10|260|alpino_lc|88
T#qa_extra_620|6|12|180|alpino_lc|55
T#qa_extra_621|13|36|1870|alpino_lc|948
T#qa_extra_622|6|4|160|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_623|7|10|400|alpino_lc|121
T#qa_extra_624|9|32|760|alpino_lc|353
T#qa_extra_625|9|8|250|alpino_lc|94
T#qa_extra_626|12|72|2320|alpino_lc|714
T#qa_extra_627|6|2|120|alpino_lc|43
T#qa_extra_628|7|8|540|alpino_lc|275
T#qa_extra_629|10|29|1530|alpino_lc|771
T#qa_extra_630|8|8|300|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_631|6|20|480|alpino_lc|148
