cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 7560 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 9600 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 7340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
T#1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#2|3|3|60|alpino_lc|27
T#3|4|3|70|alpino_lc|16
T#4|4|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#5|4|5|60|alpino_lc|20
T#6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#7|2|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#8|3|2|20|alpino_lc|6
T#9|5|2|50|alpino_lc|12
T#10|5|3|70|alpino_lc|16
T#11|5|7|80|alpino_lc|18
T#12|7|24|320|alpino_lc|58
T#13|4|6|80|alpino_lc|19
T#14|4|5|70|alpino_lc|19
T#15|9|6|450|alpino_lc|347
T#16|8|6|2190|alpino_lc|349
T#17|5|3|110|alpino_lc|42
T#18|4|5|100|alpino_lc|41
T#19|4|6|130|alpino_lc|47
T#20|7|2|290|alpino_lc|163
T#21|7|14|1170|alpino_lc|608
T#22|5|4|350|alpino_lc|94
T#23|5|14|530|alpino_lc|149
T#24|5|3|330|alpino_lc|100
T#25|4|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#26|4|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#27|6|2|200|alpino_lc|111
T#28|4|2|90|alpino_lc|34
T#29|8|61|2800|alpino_lc|921
T#30|5|6|180|alpino_lc|96
T#31|10|33|1300|alpino_lc|377
T#32|6|9|350|alpino_lc|117
T#33|4|3|90|alpino_lc|30
T#34|4|2|60|alpino_lc|37
T#35|7|7|540|alpino_lc|244
T#36|7|110|1740|alpino_lc|1186
T#37|9|15|340|alpino_lc|247
T#38|13|3798|7560|alpino_lc|470
T#39|8|39|830|alpino_lc|436
T#40|9|43|160|alpino_lc|57
T#41|8|28|940|alpino_lc|234
T#42|8|32|820|alpino_lc|788
T#43|4|2|90|alpino_lc|27
T#44|3|3|60|alpino_lc|27
T#45|5|9|110|alpino_lc|68
T#46|3|28|180|alpino_lc|26
T#47|3|29|150|alpino_lc|55
T#48|4|2|30|alpino_lc|15
T#49|4|6|40|alpino_lc|18
T#50|8|28|260|alpino_lc|226
T#51|7|19|300|alpino_lc|195
T#52|6|11|960|alpino_lc|291
T#53|6|8|250|alpino_lc|104
T#54|8|38|1630|alpino_lc|763
T#55|7|47|1300|alpino_lc|524
T#56|6|9|290|alpino_lc|375
T#57|7|18|430|alpino_lc|386
T#58|8|20|450|alpino_lc|144
T#59|10|6|170|alpino_lc|62
T#60|9|33|730|alpino_lc|304
T#61|9|9|370|alpino_lc|302
T#62|6|24|520|alpino_lc|232
T#63|7|24|220|alpino_lc|81
T#64|6|22|440|alpino_lc|179
T#65|5|3|80|alpino_lc|16
T#66|9|3|200|alpino_lc|97
T#67|9|431|2970|alpino_lc|1267
T#68|6|120|830|alpino_lc|242
T#69|10|7|460|alpino_lc|183
T#70|9|114|7190|alpino_lc|1622
T#71|9|5|450|alpino_lc|194
T#72|4|2|60|alpino_lc|48
T#73|4|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#74|7|10|970|alpino_lc|341
T#75|8|37|3250|alpino_lc|1596
T#76|8|14|440|alpino_lc|374
T#77|4|5|190|alpino_lc|71
T#78|4|8|200|alpino_lc|58
T#79|4|3|250|alpino_lc|52
T#80|5|17|430|alpino_lc|131
T#81|4|5|150|alpino_lc|65
T#82|5|26|930|alpino_lc|316
T#83|3|3|30|alpino_lc|16
T#84|3|2|50|alpino_lc|15
T#85|6|28|210|alpino_lc|106
T#86|5|4|100|alpino_lc|56
T#87|4|2|80|alpino_lc|27
T#88|4|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#89|3|2|30|alpino_lc|7
T#90|8|19|350|alpino_lc|221
T#91|5|6|150|alpino_lc|62
T#92|6|1|180|alpino_lc|49
T#93|4|7|50|alpino_lc|20
T#94|7|35|890|alpino_lc|372
T#95|2|11|50|alpino_lc|23
T#96|2|5|30|alpino_lc|7
T#97|4|2|40|alpino_lc|13
T#98|8|9|2680|alpino_lc|397
T#99|7|81|610|alpino_lc|484
T#100|7|6|160|alpino_lc|33
T#101|8|4|210|alpino_lc|60
T#102|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#103|3|3|40|alpino_lc|10
T#104|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#105|3|6|80|alpino_lc|25
T#106|6|2|70|alpino_lc|52
T#107|6|3|60|alpino_lc|25
T#108|6|1|100|alpino_lc|56
T#109|6|1|180|alpino_lc|126
T#110|6|2|200|alpino_lc|121
T#111|7|4|140|alpino_lc|67
T#112|10|20|1990|alpino_lc|751
T#113|5|3|130|alpino_lc|103
T#114|5|20|630|alpino_lc|311
T#115|4|1|70|alpino_lc|58
T#116|9|10|1350|alpino_lc|732
T#117|4|2|60|alpino_lc|27
T#118|5|3|70|alpino_lc|41
T#119|8|2|550|alpino_lc|264
T#120|6|18|280|alpino_lc|101
T#121|5|2|610|alpino_lc|55
T#122|7|7|200|alpino_lc|71
T#123|9|8|1490|alpino_lc|291
T#124|9|16|1640|alpino_lc|255
T#125|7|7|580|alpino_lc|210
T#126|4|26|500|alpino_lc|353
T#127|5|16|570|alpino_lc|252
T#128|6|8|530|alpino_lc|201
T#129|10|7|2290|alpino_lc|657
T#130|6|7|230|alpino_lc|118
T#131|8|39|1800|alpino_lc|709
T#132|6|6|300|alpino_lc|158
T#133|6|6|410|alpino_lc|265
T#134|4|2|100|alpino_lc|22
T#135|5|7|230|alpino_lc|100
T#136|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#137|6|18|310|alpino_lc|101
T#138|3|10|120|alpino_lc|31
T#139|4|5|250|alpino_lc|100
T#140|2|3|30|alpino_lc|5
T#141|3|11|140|alpino_lc|55
T#142|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#143|4|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#144|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#145|3|4|40|alpino_lc|12
T#146|5|4|130|alpino_lc|42
T#147|5|8|170|alpino_lc|89
T#148|4|2|110|alpino_lc|66
T#149|5|29|320|alpino_lc|182
T#150|6|8|170|alpino_lc|111
T#151|9|12|600|alpino_lc|344
T#152|10|48|710|alpino_lc|422
T#153|7|4|140|alpino_lc|95
T#154|4|2|60|alpino_lc|32
T#155|5|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#156|5|2|130|alpino_lc|74
T#157|4|4|50|alpino_lc|21
T#158|5|3|70|alpino_lc|30
T#159|6|3|200|alpino_lc|87
T#160|5|7|160|alpino_lc|87
T#161|6|32|590|alpino_lc|213
T#162|6|17|610|alpino_lc|185
T#163|6|8|120|alpino_lc|63
T#164|7|14|830|alpino_lc|351
T#165|6|3|300|alpino_lc|156
T#166|9|6|1510|alpino_lc|638
T#167|10|36|5360|alpino_lc|2783
T#168|7|23|820|alpino_lc|403
T#169|8|6|260|alpino_lc|216
T#170|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#171|4|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#172|9|5|380|alpino_lc|183
T#173|5|2|120|alpino_lc|56
T#174|6|4|170|alpino_lc|58
T#175|7|61|700|alpino_lc|362
T#176|9|90|970|alpino_lc|375
T#177|5|6|80|alpino_lc|30
T#178|4|4|220|alpino_lc|67
T#179|9|31|1280|alpino_lc|653
T#180|8|2|650|alpino_lc|132
T#181|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#182|11|43|3230|alpino_lc|1297
T#183|7|28|3470|alpino_lc|1014
T#184|3|2|70|alpino_lc|13
T#185|2|5|40|alpino_lc|11
T#186|3|5|50|alpino_lc|14
T#187|3|3|70|alpino_lc|10
T#188|3|4|40|alpino_lc|9
T#189|3|5|80|alpino_lc|14
T#190|3|7|100|alpino_lc|27
T#191|3|2|90|alpino_lc|21
T#192|4|6|110|alpino_lc|31
T#193|5|5|160|alpino_lc|39
T#194|3|2|40|alpino_lc|12
T#195|3|5|60|alpino_lc|18
T#196|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#197|3|4|80|alpino_lc|17
T#198|3|5|70|alpino_lc|21
T#199|3|4|40|alpino_lc|12
T#200|3|2|30|alpino_lc|8
T#201|4|5|80|alpino_lc|22
T#202|5|28|320|alpino_lc|68
T#203|3|3|60|alpino_lc|10
T#204|4|2|50|alpino_lc|12
T#205|3|3|60|alpino_lc|10
T#206|3|3|60|alpino_lc|10
T#207|4|2|80|alpino_lc|16
T#208|5|2|130|alpino_lc|29
T#209|5|4|130|alpino_lc|31
T#210|5|48|680|alpino_lc|154
T#211|4|5|200|alpino_lc|50
T#212|4|6|90|alpino_lc|29
T#213|5|2|150|alpino_lc|29
T#214|5|2|130|alpino_lc|30
T#215|4|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#216|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#217|3|2|30|alpino_lc|11
T#218|3|3|90|alpino_lc|30
T#219|5|1|120|alpino_lc|23
T#220|5|4|130|alpino_lc|50
T#221|5|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#222|6|10|310|alpino_lc|54
T#223|6|16|670|alpino_lc|125
T#224|5|18|350|alpino_lc|154
T#225|5|12|310|alpino_lc|235
T#226|8|19|1030|alpino_lc|929
T#227|6|12|220|alpino_lc|74
T#228|4|16|220|alpino_lc|93
T#229|6|26|1110|alpino_lc|726
T#230|11|1|930|alpino_lc|468
T#231|15|1424|9600|alpino_lc|2295
T#232|7|1|250|alpino_lc|76
T#233|11|6|1020|alpino_lc|702
T#234|7|44|650|alpino_lc|174
T#235|9|23|1770|alpino_lc|1024
T#236|7|7|780|alpino_lc|278
T#237|7|74|670|alpino_lc|266
T#238|10|154|9210|alpino_lc|2727
T#239|9|2|660|alpino_lc|330
T#240|9|6|260|alpino_lc|144
T#241|15|252|4460|alpino_lc|1284
T#242|9|4|490|alpino_lc|85
T#243|4|34|250|alpino_lc|25
T#244|6|45|1020|alpino_lc|118
T#245|8|23|660|alpino_lc|414
T#246|11|15|5920|alpino_lc|1412
T#247|8|72|1500|alpino_lc|559
T#248|6|4|120|alpino_lc|25
T#249|6|4|290|alpino_lc|114
T#250|10|9|770|alpino_lc|538
T#251|14|24|960|alpino_lc|488
T#252|15|661|5540|alpino_lc|1084
T#253|4|5|60|alpino_lc|31
T#254|3|2|10|alpino_lc|3
T#255|4|3|20|alpino_lc|6
T#256|3|5|50|alpino_lc|11
T#257|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#258|7|4|350|alpino_lc|165
T#259|4|3|70|alpino_lc|31
T#260|4|7|90|alpino_lc|27
T#261|4|2|70|alpino_lc|19
T#262|6|2|60|alpino_lc|30
T#263|10|294|1310|alpino_lc|280
T#264|7|10|620|alpino_lc|152
T#265|5|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#266|10|676|4630|alpino_lc|1931
T#267|5|15|270|alpino_lc|90
T#268|8|6|80|alpino_lc|24
T#269|4|7|70|alpino_lc|19
T#270|7|7|250|alpino_lc|265
T#271|4|2|60|alpino_lc|15
T#272|5|3|120|alpino_lc|45
T#273|6|27|2400|alpino_lc|682
T#274|5|2|390|alpino_lc|56
T#275|7|35|1410|alpino_lc|662
T#276|6|56|1080|alpino_lc|208
T#277|7|29|890|alpino_lc|310
T#278|9|51|2720|alpino_lc|2056
T#279|6|119|3630|alpino_lc|1071
T#280|4|6|180|alpino_lc|86
T#281|4|2|110|alpino_lc|34
T#282|5|31|570|alpino_lc|345
T#283|7|59|910|alpino_lc|316
T#284|5|16|780|alpino_lc|289
T#285|7|43|1600|alpino_lc|1202
T#286|9|192|780|alpino_lc|335
T#287|10|420|9180|alpino_lc|3000
T#288|5|22|570|alpino_lc|204
T#289|3|2|40|alpino_lc|13
T#290|6|33|800|alpino_lc|696
T#291|9|14|2590|alpino_lc|813
T#292|8|3|510|alpino_lc|237
T#293|5|9|130|alpino_lc|52
T#294|9|13|560|alpino_lc|401
T#295|7|15|910|alpino_lc|173
T#296|7|11|1300|alpino_lc|1175
T#297|6|24|1080|alpino_lc|847
T#298|10|162|2650|alpino_lc|2098
T#299|6|8|270|alpino_lc|167
T#300|6|4|490|alpino_lc|201
T#301|4|4|130|alpino_lc|30
T#302|4|4|140|alpino_lc|74
T#303|5|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#304|7|6|690|alpino_lc|403
T#305|3|2|70|alpino_lc|25
T#306|7|13|1050|alpino_lc|853
T#307|5|4|420|alpino_lc|48
T#308|5|11|7340|alpino_lc|124
T#309|4|2|70|alpino_lc|11
T#310|5|2|210|alpino_lc|179
T#311|10|5|2180|alpino_lc|566
T#312|10|2|830|alpino_lc|469
T#313|9|6|1180|alpino_lc|1334
T#314|4|2|90|alpino_lc|30
T#315|3|2|50|alpino_lc|11
T#316|5|12|360|alpino_lc|233
T#317|5|38|510|alpino_lc|251
T#318|5|43|330|alpino_lc|45
T#319|7|8|340|alpino_lc|145
T#320|7|8|340|alpino_lc|146
T#321|5|4|150|alpino_lc|58
T#322|6|15|320|alpino_lc|103
T#323|3|5|70|alpino_lc|18
T#324|5|10|130|alpino_lc|39
T#325|8|18|290|alpino_lc|191
T#326|5|5|120|alpino_lc|33
T#327|4|5|250|alpino_lc|82
T#328|4|3|340|alpino_lc|83
T#329|6|6|190|alpino_lc|25
T#330|3|14|180|alpino_lc|54
