cputime total 6610 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 19930 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 12360 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 12440 msec
cputime total 16920 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40300 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 12680 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 13230 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 191770 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 17040 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 14310 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 17220 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 243020 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 21300 msec
cputime total 7010 msec
cputime total 14750 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 14810 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 27270 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 19970 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 15020 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 9240 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 27880 msec
cputime total 68290 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 14010 msec
cputime total 30250 msec
cputime total 143990 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 31550 msec
cputime total 14520 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 11780 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 347630 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 9680 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 13190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 17560 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 8660 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 10790 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 10100 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 897080 msec
cputime total 98930 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 10670 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 19850 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 28670 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 34720 msec
cputime total 10070 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 16490 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 882450 msec
cputime total 33660 msec
cputime total 397680 msec
cputime total 157040 msec
cputime total 192450 msec
cputime total 9640 msec
cputime total 16940 msec
cputime total 897600 msec
cputime total 263800 msec
cputime total 855050 msec
cputime total 15090 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 51200 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 219790 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 14500 msec
cputime total 101780 msec
cputime total 52650 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 113810 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 35750 msec
cputime total 20330 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 115220 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 15030 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 23770 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 25850 msec
cputime total 19010 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 104900 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 57000 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10240 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 83250 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 11360 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 25560 msec
cputime total 10980 msec
cputime total 41320 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 19020 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 9870 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 4900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 6330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 161770 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 39260 msec
cputime total 32310 msec
cputime total 12920 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 153900 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 16040 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 93060 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 5870 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 94780 msec
cputime total 11650 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 6940 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 56180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 333180 msec
cputime total 8390 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 14610 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 8510 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 9820 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 7550 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 9500 msec
cputime total 64070 msec
cputime total 37810 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 15700 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 11330 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 12050 msec
cputime total 7890 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 13060 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 17440 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 35570 msec
cputime total 40330 msec
cputime total 38870 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 32530 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 22720 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 16200 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 61030 msec
cputime total 11080 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 19340 msec
cputime total 10340 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 12010 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 14490 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 17550 msec
cputime total 10550 msec
cputime total 51770 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 46000 msec
cputime total 13800 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 15850 msec
cputime total 195050 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 223330 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 6480 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 6280 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 8020 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 26430 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 18390 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 6610 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 17560 msec
cputime total 7860 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 13750 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 59590 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 12040 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 7370 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 11450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 9800 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 7080 msec
cputime total 35960 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 7290 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 16080 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 9340 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 6310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 11540 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 60040 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 11610 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 87090 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 141500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 18590 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 13910 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 14140 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 18910 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 20500 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 105850 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 8470 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 43780 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 15250 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 594430 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 27450 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 9310 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 109390 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 72780 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 24870 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 21480 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 15350 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 31450 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 11020 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30220 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 64550 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 40560 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 6570 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 147690 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 9760 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 7360 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 5470 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 68860 msec
cputime total 14120 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
T#1|15|138|6610|alpino_lc|1694
T#2|10|14|2680|alpino_lc|627
T#3|20|2402|19930|alpino_lc|2856
T#4|13|12|1090|alpino_lc|453
T#5|12|112|2840|alpino_lc|1218
T#6|9|5|520|alpino_lc|247
T#7|12|623|10230|alpino_lc|951
T#8|6|4|230|alpino_lc|82
T#9|18|177|7970|alpino_lc|2593
T#10|19|58|1520|alpino_lc|1081
T#11|11|83|12360|alpino_lc|1339
T#12|11|153|7980|alpino_lc|4183
T#13|17|1400|12440|alpino_lc|4232
T#14|20|24|16920|alpino_lc|3575
T#15|10|6|400|alpino_lc|77
T#16|20|1468|40300|alpino_lc|5127
T#17|14|7|3970|alpino_lc|1390
T#18|20|1394|12680|alpino_lc|5608
T#19|11|6|1530|alpino_lc|1637
T#20|19|73|13230|alpino_lc|3780
T#21|15|12|590|alpino_lc|262
T#22|10|26|760|alpino_lc|236
T#23|10|2|230|alpino_lc|49
T#24|9|48|2690|alpino_lc|628
T#25|15|492|6800|alpino_lc|1967
T#26|12|448|5630|alpino_lc|1209
T#27|11|102|1260|alpino_lc|761
T#28|15|1410|191770|alpino_lc|13909
T#29|13|83|3190|alpino_lc|1397
T#30|15|22|4230|alpino_lc|3188
T#31|12|177|5380|alpino_lc|1843
T#32|13|406|17040|alpino_lc|4204
T#33|15|126|870|alpino_lc|334
T#34|9|30|830|alpino_lc|520
T#35|10|104|2940|alpino_lc|768
T#36|13|212|3320|alpino_lc|1856
T#37|12|786|9420|alpino_lc|2984
T#38|10|3|300|alpino_lc|191
T#39|13|12|350|alpino_lc|122
T#40|12|68|1260|alpino_lc|414
T#41|14|48|1220|alpino_lc|185
T#42|14|98|1910|alpino_lc|926
T#43|13|12|1970|alpino_lc|454
T#44|7|46|1660|alpino_lc|606
T#45|12|66|3350|alpino_lc|1115
T#46|15|18|820|alpino_lc|456
T#47|15|1549|5360|alpino_lc|518
T#48|7|4|140|alpino_lc|48
T#49|7|2|90|alpino_lc|43
T#50|9|52|1650|alpino_lc|481
T#51|9|12|1120|alpino_lc|505
T#52|12|274|5100|alpino_lc|868
T#53|14|412|14310|alpino_lc|9331
T#54|15|84|3900|alpino_lc|1775
T#55|13|20|770|alpino_lc|445
T#56|14|72|3250|alpino_lc|705
T#57|12|14|1290|alpino_lc|778
T#58|9|6|250|alpino_lc|98
T#59|12|6|420|alpino_lc|182
T#60|6|2|110|alpino_lc|79
T#61|8|18|450|alpino_lc|304
T#62|14|228|8100|alpino_lc|2307
T#63|13|62|2040|alpino_lc|1230
T#64|14|52|2220|alpino_lc|926
T#65|12|10|680|alpino_lc|306
T#66|14|636|5840|alpino_lc|4531
T#67|15|1088|17220|alpino_lc|5534
T#68|15|6|1250|alpino_lc|586
T#69|13|92|2080|alpino_lc|981
T#70|14|62|4920|alpino_lc|1713
T#71|14|60|2790|alpino_lc|1184
T#72|12|382|6980|alpino_lc|2586
T#73|10|18|280|alpino_lc|155
T#74|8|5|410|alpino_lc|83
T#75|14|12|1670|alpino_lc|631
T#76|15|29|1450|alpino_lc|610
T#77|12|16|580|alpino_lc|372
T#78|15|838|7840|alpino_lc|2502
T#79|9|1|340|alpino_lc|268
T#80|13|104|1910|alpino_lc|1199
T#81|14|162|2960|alpino_lc|731
T#82|12|9|2130|alpino_lc|399
T#83|10|77|800|alpino_lc|419
T#84|14|48|2400|alpino_lc|483
T#85|13|131|4080|alpino_lc|3519
T#86|14|34|1600|alpino_lc|1132
T#87|14|72|2520|alpino_lc|835
T#88|13|24|680|alpino_lc|275
T#89|15|170|3050|alpino_lc|1360
T#90|15|261|4070|alpino_lc|1001
T#91|15|69|1210|alpino_lc|602
T#92|12|102|6420|alpino_lc|1156
T#93|6|24|300|alpino_lc|44
T#94|12|84|980|alpino_lc|231
T#95|13|403|3020|alpino_lc|1074
T#96|15|29735|243020|alpino_lc|25472
T#97|5|6|70|alpino_lc|11
T#98|15|882|15060|alpino_lc|5513
T#99|9|16|690|alpino_lc|353
T#100|12|65|1220|alpino_lc|177
T#101|12|61|3130|alpino_lc|2577
T#102|14|138|5860|alpino_lc|2026
T#103|11|2|270|alpino_lc|87
T#104|15|265|1390|alpino_lc|596
T#105|15|1800|21300|alpino_lc|4449
T#106|15|864|7010|alpino_lc|2481
T#107|15|1322|14750|alpino_lc|4935
T#108|13|40|1290|alpino_lc|1435
T#109|14|28|2300|alpino_lc|1025
T#110|11|9|670|alpino_lc|299
T#111|9|11|530|alpino_lc|208
T#112|12|14|310|alpino_lc|119
T#113|14|90|2660|alpino_lc|939
T#114|13|16|570|alpino_lc|425
T#115|13|142|1960|alpino_lc|763
T#116|11|30|950|alpino_lc|350
T#117|11|67|1670|alpino_lc|370
T#118|12|3|310|alpino_lc|97
T#119|13|48|480|alpino_lc|150
T#120|15|906|8140|alpino_lc|1392
T#121|15|92|1580|alpino_lc|941
T#122|15|244|3030|alpino_lc|610
T#123|15|84|2760|alpino_lc|1036
T#124|11|16|460|alpino_lc|225
T#125|14|40|1790|alpino_lc|1104
T#126|11|139|3070|alpino_lc|886
T#127|12|246|6370|alpino_lc|1053
T#128|14|590|4380|alpino_lc|2306
T#129|13|72|1500|alpino_lc|739
T#130|15|122|870|alpino_lc|166
T#131|13|60|940|alpino_lc|882
T#132|14|782|14810|alpino_lc|2633
T#133|13|114|1260|alpino_lc|277
T#134|13|120|1510|alpino_lc|348
T#135|9|4|120|alpino_lc|42
T#136|12|100|990|alpino_lc|169
T#137|14|1377|27270|alpino_lc|4516
T#138|13|322|4830|alpino_lc|1479
T#139|12|100|3440|alpino_lc|786
T#140|14|1336|19970|alpino_lc|10940
T#141|15|774|5320|alpino_lc|1437
T#142|15|350|4970|alpino_lc|626
T#143|13|1384|15020|alpino_lc|1390
T#144|14|84|920|alpino_lc|300
T#145|9|11|650|alpino_lc|243
T#146|11|54|1980|alpino_lc|700
T#147|11|20|450|alpino_lc|140
T#148|13|112|3890|alpino_lc|2008
T#149|12|659|9240|alpino_lc|4095
T#150|12|58|2930|alpino_lc|461
T#151|15|250|2540|alpino_lc|775
T#152|14|252|1910|alpino_lc|458
T#153|7|10|460|alpino_lc|99
T#154|9|165|1150|alpino_lc|225
T#155|8|40|470|alpino_lc|226
T#156|9|36|770|alpino_lc|291
T#157|11|18|1240|alpino_lc|483
T#158|13|78|1410|alpino_lc|475
T#159|13|332|1630|alpino_lc|412
T#160|10|6|200|alpino_lc|83
T#161|7|18|370|alpino_lc|109
T#162|10|299|1450|alpino_lc|257
T#163|14|1197|5850|alpino_lc|1627
T#164|12|14|350|alpino_lc|282
T#165|8|23|530|alpino_lc|177
T#166|8|233|3040|alpino_lc|643
T#167|11|80|600|alpino_lc|108
T#168|14|63|1550|alpino_lc|848
T#169|7|10|140|alpino_lc|56
T#170|7|15|140|alpino_lc|56
T#171|10|7|1030|alpino_lc|472
T#172|13|22|2160|alpino_lc|1291
T#173|8|149|4230|alpino_lc|1143
T#174|9|15|1260|alpino_lc|868
T#175|9|15|1090|alpino_lc|868
T#176|11|84|5360|alpino_lc|2508
T#177|7|9|390|alpino_lc|261
T#178|7|3|290|alpino_lc|186
T#179|12|6|820|alpino_lc|611
T#180|6|12|850|alpino_lc|320
T#181|5|3|160|alpino_lc|97
T#182|9|18|1200|alpino_lc|1030
T#183|5|4|280|alpino_lc|133
T#184|5|8|280|alpino_lc|123
T#185|6|1|430|alpino_lc|249
T#186|11|24|5660|alpino_lc|889
T#187|8|39|1210|alpino_lc|782
T#188|7|4|410|alpino_lc|279
T#189|6|10|200|alpino_lc|57
T#190|14|1223|27880|alpino_lc|20135
T#191|19|24354|68290|alpino_lc|5066
T#192|21|182|6290|alpino_lc|1794
T#193|22|462|14010|alpino_lc|8296
T#194|21|255|30250|alpino_lc|3060
T#195|18|5104|143990|alpino_lc|41031
T#196|11|14|710|alpino_lc|239
T#197|20|5400|31550|alpino_lc|2970
T#198|18|647|14520|alpino_lc|1735
T#199|11|72|2270|alpino_lc|1538
T#200|13|708|5180|alpino_lc|1317
T#201|14|1674|11780|alpino_lc|1567
T#202|9|216|1490|alpino_lc|562
T#203|4|3|100|alpino_lc|52
T#204|15|15|1380|alpino_lc|849
T#205|23|71244|347630|alpino_lc|71276
T#206|7|4|190|alpino_lc|158
T#207|8|115|1450|alpino_lc|740
T#208|15|40|1610|alpino_lc|1038
T#209|16|288|4580|alpino_lc|981
T#210|5|14|220|alpino_lc|112
T#211|15|324|4290|alpino_lc|2325
T#212|11|598|9680|alpino_lc|9614
T#213|13|182|5160|alpino_lc|1466
T#214|5|4|80|alpino_lc|51
T#215|9|16|340|alpino_lc|242
T#216|21|132|3880|alpino_lc|1403
T#217|13|124|1530|alpino_lc|1327
T#218|9|22|400|alpino_lc|229
T#219|6|5|210|alpino_lc|62
T#220|7|18|1020|alpino_lc|368
T#221|10|91|1540|alpino_lc|614
T#222|11|72|2290|alpino_lc|636
T#223|12|140|8870|alpino_lc|2796
T#224|7|2|150|alpino_lc|41
T#225|7|19|440|alpino_lc|179
T#226|8|6|970|alpino_lc|163
T#227|7|6|430|alpino_lc|205
T#228|6|6|200|alpino_lc|60
T#229|9|57|1310|alpino_lc|642
T#230|10|40|1070|alpino_lc|360
T#231|9|30|730|alpino_lc|292
T#232|7|18|1020|alpino_lc|365
T#233|10|252|3380|alpino_lc|1016
T#234|9|19|660|alpino_lc|245
T#235|7|14|260|alpino_lc|113
T#236|6|6|200|alpino_lc|60
T#237|12|72|2510|alpino_lc|1242
T#238|7|28|410|alpino_lc|181
T#239|9|64|13190|alpino_lc|461
T#240|8|27|470|alpino_lc|226
T#241|7|14|260|alpino_lc|107
T#242|11|188|17560|alpino_lc|3820
T#243|9|28|520|alpino_lc|235
T#244|9|28|750|alpino_lc|254
T#245|7|28|410|alpino_lc|181
T#246|8|16|390|alpino_lc|156
T#247|7|14|600|alpino_lc|165
T#248|10|64|1230|alpino_lc|553
T#249|9|28|560|alpino_lc|235
T#250|7|20|310|alpino_lc|101
T#251|6|10|310|alpino_lc|138
T#252|9|61|1460|alpino_lc|581
T#253|6|6|200|alpino_lc|57
T#254|5|2|100|alpino_lc|28
T#255|9|8|270|alpino_lc|169
T#256|9|32|600|alpino_lc|262
T#257|7|19|880|alpino_lc|248
T#258|7|8|200|alpino_lc|98
T#259|8|4|500|alpino_lc|156
T#260|7|5|430|alpino_lc|191
T#261|10|38|1320|alpino_lc|508
T#262|5|2|110|alpino_lc|26
T#263|8|10|930|alpino_lc|507
T#264|8|4|370|alpino_lc|34
T#265|7|14|240|alpino_lc|107
T#266|7|60|950|alpino_lc|263
T#267|8|177|5730|alpino_lc|745
T#268|6|6|170|alpino_lc|53
T#269|8|14|340|alpino_lc|145
T#270|7|8|220|alpino_lc|103
T#271|11|22|450|alpino_lc|286
T#272|8|19|530|alpino_lc|181
T#273|12|146|3640|alpino_lc|2524
T#274|7|5|250|alpino_lc|177
T#275|10|10|2480|alpino_lc|483
T#276|11|160|8660|alpino_lc|3982
T#277|5|4|90|alpino_lc|20
T#278|8|63|1900|alpino_lc|595
T#279|8|8|250|alpino_lc|134
T#280|8|25|1050|alpino_lc|269
T#281|10|54|2960|alpino_lc|259
T#282|11|174|10790|alpino_lc|1443
T#283|9|28|950|alpino_lc|349
T#284|7|35|1080|alpino_lc|384
T#285|8|26|540|alpino_lc|223
T#286|9|38|1380|alpino_lc|457
T#287|7|28|450|alpino_lc|185
T#288|9|18|430|alpino_lc|169
T#289|10|846|9300|alpino_lc|1215
T#290|7|33|610|alpino_lc|234
T#291|8|11|450|alpino_lc|216
T#292|9|36|1180|alpino_lc|477
T#293|12|545|10100|alpino_lc|2006
T#294|7|50|1450|alpino_lc|494
T#295|8|40|610|alpino_lc|226
T#296|9|6|580|alpino_lc|215
T#297|5|3|140|alpino_lc|44
T#298|8|25|750|alpino_lc|269
T#299|9|16|400|alpino_lc|163
T#300|10|95|1960|alpino_lc|676
T#301|6|8|180|alpino_lc|101
T#302|10|6|980|alpino_lc|160
T#303|11|32|3840|alpino_lc|2296
T#304|8|41|620|alpino_lc|277
T#305|7|28|420|alpino_lc|181
T#306|8|30|650|alpino_lc|235
T#307|11|23|7020|alpino_lc|412
T#308|10|126|2660|alpino_lc|688
T#309|7|4|200|alpino_lc|119
T#310|7|18|560|alpino_lc|287
T#311|11|52|1010|alpino_lc|393
T#312|10|52|1120|alpino_lc|598
T#313|9|349|3560|alpino_lc|1138
T#314|11|4|290|alpino_lc|121
T#315|6|6|180|alpino_lc|53
T#316|7|26|430|alpino_lc|148
T#317|12|102|2510|alpino_lc|871
T#318|10|44|1370|alpino_lc|570
T#319|7|19|510|alpino_lc|174
T#320|10|158|3030|alpino_lc|1037
T#321|9|95|1780|alpino_lc|604
T#322|10|55|990|alpino_lc|531
T#323|7|32|360|alpino_lc|153
T#324|8|3|400|alpino_lc|220
T#325|7|4|130|alpino_lc|37
T#326|12|36|1220|alpino_lc|646
T#327|11|60|1280|alpino_lc|676
T#328|10|12|270|alpino_lc|117
T#329|9|8|300|alpino_lc|161
T#330|12|56|2790|alpino_lc|1028
T#333|17|64|1860|alpino_lc|553
T#334|13|2|520|alpino_lc|223
T#335|11|11|650|alpino_lc|230
T#336|21|time_out|897080|alpino_lc|28664
T#337|18|15928|98930|alpino_lc|17102
T#338|8|2|340|alpino_lc|157
T#339|11|24|1720|alpino_lc|1014
T#340|15|18|10670|alpino_lc|3422
T#341|12|52|3080|alpino_lc|1579
T#342|11|27|430|alpino_lc|274
T#343|12|8|740|alpino_lc|421
T#344|19|72|4060|alpino_lc|958
T#345|13|351|19850|alpino_lc|6241
T#346|13|8|1800|alpino_lc|663
T#347|14|32|11400|alpino_lc|2146
T#348|15|76|3800|alpino_lc|1282
T#349|19|228|28670|alpino_lc|6203
T#350|10|12|1330|alpino_lc|316
T#351|13|15|2310|alpino_lc|875
T#353|17|690|34720|alpino_lc|11558
T#354|17|1215|10070|alpino_lc|3133
T#356|20|248|4910|alpino_lc|4212
T#357|12|1|870|alpino_lc|319
T#358|4|6|110|alpino_lc|27
T#359|7|8|420|alpino_lc|93
T#360|4|6|120|alpino_lc|27
T#361|4|6|90|alpino_lc|18
T#362|4|7|100|alpino_lc|18
T#363|8|12|680|alpino_lc|114
T#364|6|10|410|alpino_lc|136
T#365|5|6|130|alpino_lc|67
T#366|3|3|50|alpino_lc|5
T#367|3|3|40|alpino_lc|5
T#368|4|4|40|alpino_lc|13
T#369|9|6|270|alpino_lc|79
T#370|6|24|170|alpino_lc|86
T#371|6|9|260|alpino_lc|102
T#372|6|7|90|alpino_lc|35
T#373|7|9|210|alpino_lc|88
T#374|13|6|360|alpino_lc|116
T#375|11|99|870|alpino_lc|269
T#376|9|4|110|alpino_lc|42
T#377|7|3|60|alpino_lc|30
T#378|7|6|140|alpino_lc|45
T#379|10|4|270|alpino_lc|86
T#380|11|22|940|alpino_lc|181
T#381|8|6|140|alpino_lc|43
T#382|10|23|960|alpino_lc|183
T#383|9|2|160|alpino_lc|35
T#384|9|6|250|alpino_lc|57
T#385|7|3|410|alpino_lc|50
T#386|5|4|60|alpino_lc|38
T#387|4|3|90|alpino_lc|35
T#388|5|3|60|alpino_lc|40
T#389|5|2|70|alpino_lc|56
T#390|5|1|50|alpino_lc|35
T#391|5|2|80|alpino_lc|42
T#392|6|42|480|alpino_lc|179
T#393|6|42|480|alpino_lc|179
T#394|6|42|470|alpino_lc|179
T#395|6|42|470|alpino_lc|179
T#396|5|2|60|alpino_lc|14
T#397|7|53|870|alpino_lc|170
T#398|5|8|550|alpino_lc|121
T#399|8|25|620|alpino_lc|336
T#400|7|15|410|alpino_lc|115
T#401|8|44|920|alpino_lc|289
T#402|15|450|5450|alpino_lc|1432
T#403|10|92|2180|alpino_lc|580
T#404|17|823|8280|alpino_lc|1634
T#405|5|12|340|alpino_lc|104
T#406|7|6|170|alpino_lc|75
T#407|17|668|16490|alpino_lc|2623
T#408|8|101|1670|alpino_lc|242
T#409|23|time_out|882450|alpino_lc|184516
T#415|25|2310|33660|alpino_lc|24559
T#419|24|23256|397680|alpino_lc|102337
T#420|18|20698|157040|alpino_lc|34341
T#426|23|60108|192450|alpino_lc|23832
T#427|13|53|9640|alpino_lc|1919
T#429|18|1316|16940|alpino_lc|3681
T#430|21|time_out|897600|alpino_lc|98066
T#431|17|3300|263800|alpino_lc|43416
T#432|24|time_out|855050|alpino_lc|323356
T#435|12|989|15090|alpino_lc|2379
T#436|25|516|9030|alpino_lc|2570
T#437|23|12516|51200|alpino_lc|9796
T#439|20|144|3930|alpino_lc|701
T#440|21|12642|219790|alpino_lc|39775
T#441|17|51|4550|alpino_lc|4023
T#443|21|183|14500|alpino_lc|2808
T#444|24|33180|101780|alpino_lc|2901
T#445|23|1080|52650|alpino_lc|12689
T#447|11|252|1840|alpino_lc|699
T#448|5|4|40|alpino_lc|15
T#449|12|138|2290|alpino_lc|697
T#450|7|9|230|alpino_lc|120
T#451|19|2614|113810|alpino_lc|39982
T#452|11|48|1460|alpino_lc|363
T#453|6|9|200|alpino_lc|92
T#454|14|566|3510|alpino_lc|642
T#455|6|9|240|alpino_lc|119
T#456|8|10|460|alpino_lc|183
T#457|6|9|220|alpino_lc|119
T#459|12|41|760|alpino_lc|249
T#460|25|6090|35750|alpino_lc|2553
T#461|18|156|20330|alpino_lc|1999
T#462|15|28|1350|alpino_lc|281
T#463|14|28|1750|alpino_lc|426
T#464|13|60|1540|alpino_lc|166
T#465|8|20|410|alpino_lc|193
T#466|11|10|1310|alpino_lc|205
T#467|8|10|690|alpino_lc|176
T#468|7|7|500|alpino_lc|158
T#469|15|21|3900|alpino_lc|614
T#470|15|137|115220|alpino_lc|7438
T#471|8|5|530|alpino_lc|162
T#472|9|13|1260|alpino_lc|507
T#473|11|76|5030|alpino_lc|962
T#474|13|3|1870|alpino_lc|308
T#475|10|26|1470|alpino_lc|872
T#476|14|31|1350|alpino_lc|503
T#477|9|127|6220|alpino_lc|1284
T#478|15|2|1410|alpino_lc|603
T#479|9|127|6110|alpino_lc|1284
T#480|14|125|1870|alpino_lc|521
T#481|14|125|1850|alpino_lc|521
T#482|15|896|11400|alpino_lc|4272
T#483|13|74|2850|alpino_lc|1703
T#484|15|14|1410|alpino_lc|427
T#485|15|2372|15030|alpino_lc|2036
T#486|13|50|3100|alpino_lc|451
T#487|15|654|4720|alpino_lc|1565
T#488|14|298|2600|alpino_lc|492
T#489|11|28|1100|alpino_lc|393
T#490|11|7|530|alpino_lc|187
T#491|10|15|970|alpino_lc|474
T#492|14|140|4090|alpino_lc|1788
T#493|16|2072|8210|alpino_lc|2445
T#494|10|210|1510|alpino_lc|1239
T#495|13|430|3500|alpino_lc|2032
T#496|12|213|2530|alpino_lc|1594
T#497|16|406|2300|alpino_lc|993
T#498|12|41|1210|alpino_lc|1421
T#499|14|152|2500|alpino_lc|1103
T#500|8|200|2360|alpino_lc|530
T#501|11|18|1210|alpino_lc|891
T#502|13|445|2770|alpino_lc|1683
T#503|10|2|470|alpino_lc|124
T#504|9|85|1800|alpino_lc|534
T#505|14|138|3900|alpino_lc|874
T#506|13|24|3160|alpino_lc|1599
T#507|14|1|6060|alpino_lc|573
T#508|13|5226|23770|alpino_lc|4699
T#509|14|3|800|alpino_lc|390
T#510|12|6|1770|alpino_lc|385
T#511|14|29|4930|alpino_lc|1145
T#512|10|380|4060|alpino_lc|2102
T#513|11|8|1210|alpino_lc|817
T#514|16|120|4580|alpino_lc|1981
T#515|15|176|2920|alpino_lc|634
T#516|13|20|1820|alpino_lc|515
T#517|16|476|4250|alpino_lc|1325
T#518|15|60|1920|alpino_lc|633
T#519|13|56|2430|alpino_lc|969
T#520|12|56|2290|alpino_lc|679
T#521|14|51|3290|alpino_lc|1146
T#522|11|3|580|alpino_lc|205
T#523|12|2|1280|alpino_lc|265
T#524|11|10|520|alpino_lc|228
T#525|12|28|1270|alpino_lc|347
T#526|16|96|5980|alpino_lc|1701
T#527|16|338|4530|alpino_lc|1268
T#528|14|8|530|alpino_lc|242
T#529|15|88|2260|alpino_lc|614
T#530|12|34|930|alpino_lc|626
T#531|12|2|500|alpino_lc|293
T#532|10|8|830|alpino_lc|292
T#533|6|1|240|alpino_lc|33
T#534|8|2|390|alpino_lc|81
T#535|8|2|390|alpino_lc|56
T#536|8|4|400|alpino_lc|87
T#537|14|12|930|alpino_lc|324
T#538|15|154|2340|alpino_lc|907
T#539|8|2|200|alpino_lc|89
T#540|11|547|2700|alpino_lc|692
T#541|13|24|1090|alpino_lc|826
T#542|13|132|5050|alpino_lc|1450
T#543|5|10|340|alpino_lc|119
T#544|8|13|1480|alpino_lc|497
T#545|6|8|360|alpino_lc|243
T#546|11|20|290|alpino_lc|90
T#547|10|10|1080|alpino_lc|171
T#548|11|10|25850|alpino_lc|2492
T#549|14|34|19010|alpino_lc|2012
T#550|11|15|12370|alpino_lc|1221
T#551|19|920|104900|alpino_lc|17205
T#552|7|2|170|alpino_lc|134
T#553|9|62|4250|alpino_lc|1530
T#554|9|2|230|alpino_lc|282
T#555|8|19|310|alpino_lc|91
T#556|10|123|2910|alpino_lc|3879
T#557|6|17|480|alpino_lc|492
T#558|8|1|100|alpino_lc|64
T#559|10|16|570|alpino_lc|358
T#560|14|12|1110|alpino_lc|482
T#561|15|756|4440|alpino_lc|440
T#562|15|41|1670|alpino_lc|459
T#563|12|58|5280|alpino_lc|1120
T#564|12|20|750|alpino_lc|626
T#565|7|3|320|alpino_lc|168
T#566|9|3|1320|alpino_lc|279
T#567|9|51|1020|alpino_lc|588
T#568|11|41|860|alpino_lc|695
T#569|11|264|1750|alpino_lc|601
T#570|11|90|910|alpino_lc|618
T#571|9|5|120|alpino_lc|65
T#572|12|21|1520|alpino_lc|616
T#573|10|24|1630|alpino_lc|891
T#574|8|14|250|alpino_lc|159
T#575|9|16|640|alpino_lc|216
T#576|8|18|860|alpino_lc|198
T#577|15|48|57000|alpino_lc|1630
T#578|11|14|570|alpino_lc|294
T#579|8|2|1040|alpino_lc|723
T#580|9|2|1470|alpino_lc|896
T#581|9|2|1220|alpino_lc|901
T#582|11|8|1890|alpino_lc|286
T#583|14|96|2700|alpino_lc|368
T#584|14|200|3890|alpino_lc|968
T#585|14|51|2150|alpino_lc|377
T#586|13|96|4770|alpino_lc|1133
T#587|14|450|3620|alpino_lc|1189
T#588|12|32|1290|alpino_lc|328
T#589|13|346|3060|alpino_lc|644
T#590|10|16|1330|alpino_lc|374
T#591|13|116|1860|alpino_lc|536
T#592|13|9|1470|alpino_lc|577
T#593|14|124|4570|alpino_lc|2819
T#594|14|78|4880|alpino_lc|724
T#595|13|10|2670|alpino_lc|416
T#596|12|280|2830|alpino_lc|973
T#597|10|23|570|alpino_lc|522
T#598|10|12|180|alpino_lc|46
T#599|12|2117|10240|alpino_lc|4773
T#600|11|14|1430|alpino_lc|811
T#601|9|2|200|alpino_lc|118
T#602|8|84|2040|alpino_lc|1311
T#603|15|15237|83250|alpino_lc|12871
T#604|9|241|3910|alpino_lc|2165
T#605|9|71|860|alpino_lc|569
T#606|15|782|11360|alpino_lc|4287
T#607|17|123|2610|alpino_lc|655
T#608|4|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#609|7|4|330|alpino_lc|204
T#610|11|3|230|alpino_lc|89
T#611|15|24|4050|alpino_lc|856
T#612|6|11|570|alpino_lc|318
T#613|12|75|2000|alpino_lc|547
T#614|14|53|2470|alpino_lc|717
T#615|12|88|1490|alpino_lc|600
T#616|13|93|4360|alpino_lc|1678
T#617|14|292|4190|alpino_lc|1763
T#618|14|325|2180|alpino_lc|826
T#619|10|102|4440|alpino_lc|937
T#620|15|280|6930|alpino_lc|2428
T#621|10|8|1150|alpino_lc|665
T#622|10|50|1440|alpino_lc|434
T#623|14|160|2140|alpino_lc|1154
T#624|12|76|6460|alpino_lc|1537
T#625|13|52|3800|alpino_lc|678
T#626|11|108|1550|alpino_lc|460
T#627|13|52|1010|alpino_lc|491
T#628|11|20|1210|alpino_lc|278
T#629|12|16|910|alpino_lc|446
T#630|12|36|3130|alpino_lc|1915
T#631|14|11|730|alpino_lc|496
T#632|19|1601|25560|alpino_lc|8328
T#633|20|812|10980|alpino_lc|3754
T#634|19|792|41320|alpino_lc|7641
T#635|15|21|2080|alpino_lc|1180
T#636|9|10|1140|alpino_lc|376
T#637|10|8|1020|alpino_lc|694
T#638|15|368|19020|alpino_lc|5226
T#639|12|8|1040|alpino_lc|961
T#640|15|44|1200|alpino_lc|246
T#641|15|64|1160|alpino_lc|770
T#642|11|15|650|alpino_lc|349
T#643|13|184|3120|alpino_lc|1548
T#644|19|280|3430|alpino_lc|2035
T#645|10|441|9870|alpino_lc|2979
T#646|12|272|3110|alpino_lc|1015
T#647|13|30|1350|alpino_lc|366
T#648|15|112|4900|alpino_lc|1306
T#649|8|6|250|alpino_lc|135
T#650|15|49|2030|alpino_lc|1442
T#651|9|28|440|alpino_lc|255
T#652|12|92|1500|alpino_lc|729
T#653|12|189|2230|alpino_lc|929
T#654|15|180|6330|alpino_lc|2239
T#655|7|6|220|alpino_lc|131
T#656|8|6|250|alpino_lc|135
T#657|11|114|1020|alpino_lc|519
T#658|12|18|1300|alpino_lc|1395
T#659|18|25332|161770|alpino_lc|64711
T#660|13|124|4130|alpino_lc|2363
T#661|16|24|1120|alpino_lc|409
T#662|7|6|100|alpino_lc|36
T#663|11|11|1870|alpino_lc|1716
T#664|10|27|590|alpino_lc|535
T#665|8|5|480|alpino_lc|141
T#666|10|90|820|alpino_lc|232
T#667|10|48|3290|alpino_lc|1118
T#668|12|20|39260|alpino_lc|7610
T#669|12|37|32310|alpino_lc|1955
T#670|15|193|12920|alpino_lc|3409
T#671|15|91|3830|alpino_lc|811
T#672|10|50|3420|alpino_lc|753
T#673|9|28|1550|alpino_lc|734
T#674|7|1|470|alpino_lc|159
T#675|14|140|153900|alpino_lc|1786
T#676|12|4|2320|alpino_lc|579
T#677|11|56|1460|alpino_lc|971
T#678|12|8|490|alpino_lc|291
T#679|16|36|7520|alpino_lc|3956
T#680|5|1|100|alpino_lc|124
T#681|7|3|280|alpino_lc|270
T#682|7|42|530|alpino_lc|180
T#683|7|42|510|alpino_lc|180
T#684|8|40|950|alpino_lc|233
T#685|8|5|170|alpino_lc|40
T#686|15|220|2510|alpino_lc|347
T#687|9|7|550|alpino_lc|395
T#688|15|210|3260|alpino_lc|1888
T#689|18|80|5730|alpino_lc|3558
T#690|17|405|4470|alpino_lc|2426
T#691|19|1932|11400|alpino_lc|4169
T#692|10|395|3830|alpino_lc|968
T#693|3|3|60|alpino_lc|18
T#694|7|28|170|alpino_lc|164
T#695|18|1722|16040|alpino_lc|894
T#696|7|10|470|alpino_lc|130
T#697|12|204|5130|alpino_lc|1976
T#698|14|6|1130|alpino_lc|804
T#699|15|348|6190|alpino_lc|624
T#700|15|50|3230|alpino_lc|1528
T#701|8|75|1650|alpino_lc|898
T#702|10|56|260|alpino_lc|117
T#703|12|76|1270|alpino_lc|456
T#704|11|33|720|alpino_lc|350
T#705|11|40|2580|alpino_lc|1486
T#706|9|2|830|alpino_lc|199
T#707|14|213|93060|alpino_lc|21160
T#708|10|43|4410|alpino_lc|1591
T#709|13|198|3250|alpino_lc|935
T#710|16|59|5870|alpino_lc|1781
T#711|12|4|1320|alpino_lc|768
T#712|15|10298|94780|alpino_lc|12148
T#713|12|79|11650|alpino_lc|2491
T#714|16|162|5250|alpino_lc|1560
T#715|10|11|1090|alpino_lc|1135
T#716|11|20|940|alpino_lc|862
T#717|10|8|520|alpino_lc|238
T#718|18|1178|6940|alpino_lc|5608
T#719|7|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#720|7|2|160|alpino_lc|43
T#721|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#722|10|72|2300|alpino_lc|605
T#723|11|80|1530|alpino_lc|535
T#724|17|2424|56180|alpino_lc|8186
T#725|9|20|360|alpino_lc|254
T#726|8|10|370|alpino_lc|353
T#727|18|87|3140|alpino_lc|1342
T#728|14|272|3420|alpino_lc|1587
T#729|10|38|1860|alpino_lc|678
T#730|12|98|1880|alpino_lc|1424
T#731|8|4|250|alpino_lc|76
T#732|10|2|650|alpino_lc|205
T#733|9|15|1280|alpino_lc|397
T#734|9|15|1580|alpino_lc|493
T#735|16|280|2060|alpino_lc|1071
T#736|16|280|3470|alpino_lc|2394
T#737|19|14|1420|alpino_lc|298
T#738|12|7|880|alpino_lc|457
T#739|9|3|490|alpino_lc|134
T#740|15|159|2180|alpino_lc|773
T#741|21|72|2070|alpino_lc|1402
T#742|12|3221|333180|alpino_lc|11267
T#743|11|196|8390|alpino_lc|860
T#744|7|1|580|alpino_lc|339
T#745|8|5|1170|alpino_lc|707
T#746|6|1|200|alpino_lc|132
T#747|6|2|230|alpino_lc|132
T#748|10|11|2550|alpino_lc|698
T#749|7|2|290|alpino_lc|217
T#750|8|7|540|alpino_lc|343
T#751|10|6|1160|alpino_lc|349
T#752|7|4|570|alpino_lc|329
T#753|9|8|1530|alpino_lc|1008
T#754|12|38|1940|alpino_lc|993
T#755|9|3|200|alpino_lc|85
T#756|10|12|590|alpino_lc|161
T#757|11|66|2590|alpino_lc|3431
T#758|16|406|14610|alpino_lc|9032
T#759|9|52|1090|alpino_lc|497
T#760|12|244|1690|alpino_lc|663
T#761|4|5|140|alpino_lc|68
T#762|9|12|570|alpino_lc|256
T#763|8|4|720|alpino_lc|188
T#764|15|270|8510|alpino_lc|2966
T#765|10|4|1340|alpino_lc|461
T#766|8|88|960|alpino_lc|209
T#767|14|630|9820|alpino_lc|1798
T#768|11|80|1310|alpino_lc|246
T#769|5|2|50|alpino_lc|21
T#770|14|64|2980|alpino_lc|1361
T#771|12|38|1670|alpino_lc|600
T#772|18|1428|7300|alpino_lc|1128
T#773|10|61|800|alpino_lc|507
T#774|12|1101|7550|alpino_lc|1163
T#775|6|3|170|alpino_lc|64
T#776|8|13|430|alpino_lc|162
T#777|10|20|1240|alpino_lc|665
T#778|7|1|470|alpino_lc|336
T#779|15|39|1890|alpino_lc|608
T#780|7|1|390|alpino_lc|179
T#781|6|1|260|alpino_lc|169
T#782|13|24|770|alpino_lc|775
T#783|17|6|2280|alpino_lc|823
T#784|12|36|400|alpino_lc|285
T#785|9|4|200|alpino_lc|60
T#786|14|91|4800|alpino_lc|3173
T#787|14|12|9500|alpino_lc|2485
T#788|15|1040|64070|alpino_lc|10616
T#789|13|316|37810|alpino_lc|1513
T#790|12|2|1110|alpino_lc|812
T#791|11|12|1170|alpino_lc|564
T#792|9|4|1840|alpino_lc|800
T#793|8|4|940|alpino_lc|497
T#794|10|51|5980|alpino_lc|918
T#795|14|104|4550|alpino_lc|1479
T#796|11|12|2760|alpino_lc|370
T#797|5|1|50|alpino_lc|39
T#798|6|3|130|alpino_lc|64
T#799|7|3|160|alpino_lc|89
T#800|6|6|600|alpino_lc|217
T#801|8|1|360|alpino_lc|191
T#802|13|386|6800|alpino_lc|2491
T#803|8|10|730|alpino_lc|356
T#804|12|10|580|alpino_lc|147
T#805|8|10|1340|alpino_lc|391
T#806|9|7|670|alpino_lc|211
T#807|9|26|1190|alpino_lc|656
T#809|17|36|3440|alpino_lc|1513
T#810|19|306|15700|alpino_lc|13499
T#811|18|66|2030|alpino_lc|1449
T#812|13|54|11330|alpino_lc|1163
T#813|15|174|2690|alpino_lc|1763
T#814|18|54|1660|alpino_lc|1188
T#815|13|12|1040|alpino_lc|738
T#816|17|672|12050|alpino_lc|3628
T#817|18|378|7890|alpino_lc|3516
T#818|17|297|2710|alpino_lc|1091
T#819|18|66|13060|alpino_lc|6161
T#820|15|76|1140|alpino_lc|509
T#821|21|2814|17440|alpino_lc|4429
T#822|14|3|960|alpino_lc|280
T#823|13|6|770|alpino_lc|544
T#824|19|118|2340|alpino_lc|1141
T#825|17|4928|35570|alpino_lc|4279
T#826|17|1625|40330|alpino_lc|3246
T#827|16|7712|38870|alpino_lc|1965
T#828|14|14|630|alpino_lc|301
T#829|18|30|2760|alpino_lc|1378
T#830|19|2451|32530|alpino_lc|8141
T#831|16|25|3510|alpino_lc|1553
T#832|16|45|7700|alpino_lc|1567
T#833|20|468|22720|alpino_lc|2421
T#834|17|600|9090|alpino_lc|3071
T#835|18|1671|16200|alpino_lc|12486
T#836|17|10|4720|alpino_lc|2516
T#837|19|2263|61030|alpino_lc|7867
T#838|17|34|11080|alpino_lc|2697
T#839|19|36|2780|alpino_lc|1500
T#840|11|12|1720|alpino_lc|872
T#841|13|1054|19340|alpino_lc|2417
T#842|14|917|10340|alpino_lc|1949
T#843|12|30|790|alpino_lc|241
T#844|10|6|260|alpino_lc|96
T#845|14|822|4030|alpino_lc|1165
T#846|14|24|1560|alpino_lc|436
T#847|12|69|2820|alpino_lc|1404
T#848|9|80|2000|alpino_lc|531
T#849|14|91|6540|alpino_lc|2625
T#850|14|118|12010|alpino_lc|3356
T#851|14|4|1830|alpino_lc|590
T#852|11|4|1130|alpino_lc|410
T#853|13|28|14490|alpino_lc|1944
T#854|13|24|4990|alpino_lc|2567
T#855|25|1380|17550|alpino_lc|8178
T#856|25|295|10550|alpino_lc|5790
T#857|19|1902|51770|alpino_lc|29662
T#858|23|34|3820|alpino_lc|1783
T#859|22|544|46000|alpino_lc|11736
T#860|19|1708|13800|alpino_lc|5021
T#861|17|33|2030|alpino_lc|833
T#862|16|72|4330|alpino_lc|1614
T#863|18|102|15850|alpino_lc|2915
T#864|14|55232|195050|alpino_lc|4848
T#865|14|145|6910|alpino_lc|1705
T#866|19|43846|223330|alpino_lc|3531
T#867|13|72|1520|alpino_lc|269
T#868|17|292|4580|alpino_lc|2076
T#869|15|312|4330|alpino_lc|1804
T#870|20|1648|6480|alpino_lc|1753
T#871|11|175|2820|alpino_lc|852
T#872|13|236|6280|alpino_lc|2033
T#873|19|786|9470|alpino_lc|2192
T#874|13|60|630|alpino_lc|475
T#875|11|24|1660|alpino_lc|1014
T#876|15|211|3680|alpino_lc|1425
T#877|12|2|600|alpino_lc|216
T#878|13|88|5350|alpino_lc|2424
T#879|14|51|3200|alpino_lc|1216
T#880|14|414|7810|alpino_lc|1928
T#881|15|54|980|alpino_lc|751
T#882|17|48|1780|alpino_lc|1306
T#883|23|132|1970|alpino_lc|1269
T#884|12|1151|7840|alpino_lc|1493
T#885|19|14|850|alpino_lc|767
T#886|21|10|3860|alpino_lc|918
T#887|8|10|640|alpino_lc|332
T#888|8|4|470|alpino_lc|122
T#889|9|8|460|alpino_lc|204
T#890|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|590
T#891|17|2|2050|alpino_lc|273
T#892|19|4|5170|alpino_lc|2659
T#893|12|11|1640|alpino_lc|932
T#894|12|48|790|alpino_lc|550
T#895|16|192|1450|alpino_lc|830
T#896|8|1|520|alpino_lc|136
T#897|17|118|8020|alpino_lc|3392
T#898|15|18|2280|alpino_lc|1051
T#899|12|1548|5090|alpino_lc|1915
T#900|12|2931|26430|alpino_lc|4710
T#901|14|56|590|alpino_lc|155
T#902|15|1122|18390|alpino_lc|3327
T#903|8|19|430|alpino_lc|112
T#904|10|10|490|alpino_lc|178
T#905|10|12|880|alpino_lc|220
T#906|12|26|970|alpino_lc|305
T#907|6|4|180|alpino_lc|73
T#908|6|4|170|alpino_lc|73
T#909|6|4|190|alpino_lc|73
T#910|6|4|190|alpino_lc|73
T#911|6|4|220|alpino_lc|77
T#912|6|4|180|alpino_lc|73
T#913|6|4|180|alpino_lc|73
T#914|6|4|280|alpino_lc|86
T#915|6|6|320|alpino_lc|96
T#916|6|4|210|alpino_lc|73
T#917|6|4|190|alpino_lc|73
T#918|7|20|310|alpino_lc|79
T#919|11|17|690|alpino_lc|157
T#920|7|11|230|alpino_lc|69
T#921|14|160|1470|alpino_lc|389
T#922|10|8|650|alpino_lc|578
T#923|16|212|6610|alpino_lc|2433
T#924|12|38|1790|alpino_lc|954
T#925|11|6|1100|alpino_lc|290
T#926|13|32|2680|alpino_lc|570
T#927|12|67|17560|alpino_lc|2222
T#928|16|269|7860|alpino_lc|2766
T#929|14|7|2880|alpino_lc|997
T#930|15|44|1800|alpino_lc|878
T#931|18|16|13750|alpino_lc|5713
T#932|9|14|1690|alpino_lc|630
T#933|16|19|5830|alpino_lc|3289
T#934|15|248|3690|alpino_lc|1367
T#935|22|15568|59590|alpino_lc|5211
T#936|14|6|870|alpino_lc|798
T#937|18|127|3910|alpino_lc|463
T#938|19|16|2850|alpino_lc|1082
T#939|16|160|4440|alpino_lc|781
T#940|10|40|450|alpino_lc|265
T#941|7|7|150|alpino_lc|73
T#942|9|2|200|alpino_lc|74
T#943|13|2|260|alpino_lc|127
T#944|18|30|550|alpino_lc|267
T#945|10|30|620|alpino_lc|244
T#946|10|94|1250|alpino_lc|635
T#947|7|2|100|alpino_lc|36
T#948|11|5|1050|alpino_lc|470
T#949|10|60|3200|alpino_lc|997
T#950|8|31|730|alpino_lc|599
T#951|13|34|1670|alpino_lc|715
T#952|12|120|1590|alpino_lc|783
T#953|17|183|4260|alpino_lc|2395
T#954|10|48|970|alpino_lc|527
T#955|13|36|1410|alpino_lc|487
T#956|13|28|930|alpino_lc|455
T#957|10|14|480|alpino_lc|186
T#958|10|4|420|alpino_lc|113
T#959|10|4|570|alpino_lc|381
T#960|10|21|1060|alpino_lc|228
T#961|13|10|7700|alpino_lc|2271
T#962|13|9|1170|alpino_lc|380
T#963|14|4|540|alpino_lc|332
T#964|11|3|690|alpino_lc|133
T#965|11|10|360|alpino_lc|74
T#966|11|2|190|alpino_lc|35
T#967|13|10|680|alpino_lc|117
T#968|10|97|690|alpino_lc|212
T#969|14|9|1260|alpino_lc|442
T#970|10|6|640|alpino_lc|168
T#971|10|16|750|alpino_lc|194
T#972|12|104|1020|alpino_lc|233
T#973|9|10|200|alpino_lc|45
T#974|7|9|440|alpino_lc|246
T#975|15|412|12040|alpino_lc|3337
T#976|15|184|2210|alpino_lc|1096
T#977|16|4|470|alpino_lc|93
T#978|7|8|100|alpino_lc|34
T#979|7|2|70|alpino_lc|23
T#980|11|3|2150|alpino_lc|1373
T#981|7|2|70|alpino_lc|23
T#982|12|28|1430|alpino_lc|583
T#983|12|4|7370|alpino_lc|2334
T#984|16|58|3170|alpino_lc|1195
T#985|16|15|4550|alpino_lc|949
T#986|17|228|6140|alpino_lc|4639
T#987|13|16|3180|alpino_lc|338
T#988|12|16|1150|alpino_lc|517
T#989|19|640|11450|alpino_lc|4181
T#990|7|2|100|alpino_lc|35
T#991|17|1238|9800|alpino_lc|2443
T#992|8|1|240|alpino_lc|39
T#993|10|10|1810|alpino_lc|534
T#994|18|8|7080|alpino_lc|4370
T#995|15|16|35960|alpino_lc|3621
T#996|15|7|1620|alpino_lc|784
T#997|14|4|720|alpino_lc|202
T#998|6|7|410|alpino_lc|224
T#999|4|2|60|alpino_lc|12
T#1000|7|9|280|alpino_lc|107
T#1001|8|1|210|alpino_lc|102
T#1002|6|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#1003|8|5|4570|alpino_lc|235
T#1004|8|2|120|alpino_lc|43
T#1005|10|4|740|alpino_lc|243
T#1006|12|70|3140|alpino_lc|1058
T#1007|12|109|7290|alpino_lc|1814
T#1008|9|9|1250|alpino_lc|385
T#1009|9|3|380|alpino_lc|261
T#1010|12|4|220|alpino_lc|180
T#1011|9|2|550|alpino_lc|95
T#1012|8|8|610|alpino_lc|591
T#1013|9|1|170|alpino_lc|28
T#1014|9|8|470|alpino_lc|291
T#1015|10|21|1600|alpino_lc|614
T#1016|10|38|3480|alpino_lc|703
T#1017|6|6|120|alpino_lc|59
T#1018|13|356|16080|alpino_lc|2069
T#1019|7|6|130|alpino_lc|84
T#1020|16|402|9210|alpino_lc|1407
T#1021|16|108|2790|alpino_lc|719
T#1022|16|90|2090|alpino_lc|915
T#1023|11|34|720|alpino_lc|278
T#1024|21|252|9340|alpino_lc|9550
T#1025|17|1183|5740|alpino_lc|1154
T#1026|11|14|650|alpino_lc|323
T#1027|11|22|1920|alpino_lc|1734
T#1028|12|12|2840|alpino_lc|1991
T#1029|15|4|920|alpino_lc|577
T#1030|12|4|1160|alpino_lc|968
T#1031|10|28|750|alpino_lc|203
T#1032|17|178|6310|alpino_lc|1357
T#1033|8|3|130|alpino_lc|70
T#1034|12|2|570|alpino_lc|338
T#1035|14|37|800|alpino_lc|156
T#1036|16|32|1770|alpino_lc|577
T#1037|12|27|840|alpino_lc|137
T#1038|7|4|490|alpino_lc|410
T#1039|8|20|2480|alpino_lc|1999
T#1040|10|9|1500|alpino_lc|1912
T#1041|20|248|4470|alpino_lc|3745
T#1042|9|4|310|alpino_lc|80
T#1043|15|9|410|alpino_lc|260
T#1044|11|9|580|alpino_lc|342
T#1045|7|6|190|alpino_lc|72
T#1046|8|44|910|alpino_lc|278
T#1047|10|3|140|alpino_lc|39
T#1048|7|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#1049|8|17|190|alpino_lc|55
T#1050|8|8|360|alpino_lc|142
T#1051|12|80|2270|alpino_lc|739
T#1052|16|30|4250|alpino_lc|1762
T#1053|19|106|11540|alpino_lc|2470
T#1054|9|12|750|alpino_lc|541
T#1055|14|1|720|alpino_lc|474
T#1056|13|22|590|alpino_lc|270
T#1057|8|11|230|alpino_lc|142
T#1058|10|38|740|alpino_lc|426
T#1059|13|8|1040|alpino_lc|615
T#1060|8|4|400|alpino_lc|358
T#1061|9|4|340|alpino_lc|311
T#1062|15|13|230|alpino_lc|146
T#1063|9|9|530|alpino_lc|324
T#1064|7|9|190|alpino_lc|148
T#1065|9|2|370|alpino_lc|133
T#1066|15|8|1040|alpino_lc|418
T#1067|9|2|630|alpino_lc|562
T#1068|9|3|260|alpino_lc|164
T#1069|15|46|2150|alpino_lc|908
T#1070|14|264|60040|alpino_lc|16375
T#1071|7|40|490|alpino_lc|102
T#1072|9|109|2480|alpino_lc|510
T#1073|12|2503|11610|alpino_lc|973
T#1074|7|2|60|alpino_lc|35
T#1075|10|32|340|alpino_lc|186
T#1076|18|2|440|alpino_lc|135
T#1077|11|64|900|alpino_lc|317
T#1078|10|8|380|alpino_lc|169
T#1079|10|16|440|alpino_lc|213
T#1080|13|46|87090|alpino_lc|2347
T#1081|14|10|3460|alpino_lc|2727
T#1082|11|100|1010|alpino_lc|311
T#1083|13|486|8060|alpino_lc|3423
T#1084|16|100|1470|alpino_lc|587
T#1085|13|1035|8460|alpino_lc|2337
T#1086|10|17|440|alpino_lc|260
T#1087|9|5|140|alpino_lc|67
T#1088|12|17|2980|alpino_lc|1757
T#1089|11|1|730|alpino_lc|242
T#1090|13|49|11580|alpino_lc|6468
T#1091|19|17771|141500|alpino_lc|42164
T#1092|12|2|170|alpino_lc|114
T#1093|18|186|18590|alpino_lc|2200
T#1094|18|26|2940|alpino_lc|1464
T#1095|11|6|960|alpino_lc|727
T#1096|15|63|3620|alpino_lc|5343
T#1097|11|14|690|alpino_lc|571
T#1098|14|189|1900|alpino_lc|494
T#1099|16|18|4160|alpino_lc|1609
T#1100|11|163|13910|alpino_lc|1060
T#1101|11|39|8760|alpino_lc|2426
T#1102|14|60|6790|alpino_lc|631
T#1103|8|6|600|alpino_lc|250
T#1104|9|9|660|alpino_lc|231
T#1105|11|216|2220|alpino_lc|639
T#1106|13|14|1700|alpino_lc|718
T#1107|9|2|1110|alpino_lc|301
T#1108|17|56|2160|alpino_lc|1256
T#1109|15|202|14140|alpino_lc|3227
T#1110|9|4|1530|alpino_lc|926
T#1111|9|11|500|alpino_lc|253
T#1112|12|25|1320|alpino_lc|449
T#1113|11|48|2010|alpino_lc|1169
T#1114|7|5|340|alpino_lc|250
T#1115|15|25|1350|alpino_lc|392
T#1116|13|28|3330|alpino_lc|1647
T#1117|7|3|290|alpino_lc|332
T#1118|9|12|220|alpino_lc|135
T#1119|8|6|610|alpino_lc|1165
T#1120|14|750|18910|alpino_lc|3087
T#1121|6|78|800|alpino_lc|388
T#1122|15|288|3290|alpino_lc|1007
T#1123|15|637|20500|alpino_lc|3428
T#1124|10|112|4910|alpino_lc|1835
T#1125|12|107|2290|alpino_lc|804
T#1126|16|21|4330|alpino_lc|1715
T#1127|21|352|105850|alpino_lc|5347
T#1128|15|1|900|alpino_lc|447
T#1129|15|20|7760|alpino_lc|2191
T#1130|14|176|3170|alpino_lc|531
T#1131|12|22|2550|alpino_lc|664
T#1132|10|264|2360|alpino_lc|1003
T#1133|13|885|9030|alpino_lc|1659
T#1134|11|70|4100|alpino_lc|1651
T#1135|10|18|1200|alpino_lc|406
T#1136|6|1|280|alpino_lc|128
T#1137|10|129|750|alpino_lc|350
T#1138|10|143|9150|alpino_lc|3598
T#1139|6|4|170|alpino_lc|125
T#1140|6|2|110|alpino_lc|30
T#1141|7|6|210|alpino_lc|82
T#1142|4|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#1143|6|6|380|alpino_lc|253
T#1144|10|15|1460|alpino_lc|501
T#1145|11|8|1070|alpino_lc|640
T#1146|11|8|3490|alpino_lc|645
T#1147|6|4|140|alpino_lc|87
T#1148|10|2|1090|alpino_lc|202
T#1149|7|49|850|alpino_lc|115
T#1150|10|12|1260|alpino_lc|408
T#1151|13|885|8470|alpino_lc|1659
T#1152|8|2|120|alpino_lc|108
T#1153|21|2542|43780|alpino_lc|9144
T#1154|6|9|320|alpino_lc|151
T#1155|15|606|15250|alpino_lc|1753
T#1156|14|42|2580|alpino_lc|1705
T#1157|7|7|150|alpino_lc|112
T#1158|5|2|60|alpino_lc|18
T#1159|10|23|1720|alpino_lc|1069
T#1160|7|8|360|alpino_lc|340
T#1161|10|19|1000|alpino_lc|335
T#1162|11|1724|9690|alpino_lc|1991
T#1163|11|6|650|alpino_lc|359
T#1164|9|9|280|alpino_lc|209
T#1165|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#1166|10|16|1970|alpino_lc|651
T#1167|10|8|6200|alpino_lc|956
T#1168|8|2|500|alpino_lc|337
T#1169|6|7|140|alpino_lc|124
T#1170|7|9|510|alpino_lc|327
T#1171|14|22|880|alpino_lc|440
T#1172|6|10|500|alpino_lc|257
T#1173|10|12|1220|alpino_lc|338
T#1174|6|2|500|alpino_lc|291
T#1175|12|10|1220|alpino_lc|750
T#1176|9|4|610|alpino_lc|692
T#1177|7|6|280|alpino_lc|210
T#1178|7|2|590|alpino_lc|457
T#1179|8|6|390|alpino_lc|195
T#1180|11|6|770|alpino_lc|606
T#1181|7|10|450|alpino_lc|255
T#1182|11|3|1240|alpino_lc|979
T#1183|10|15|1090|alpino_lc|581
T#1184|7|2|140|alpino_lc|115
T#1185|8|1|280|alpino_lc|108
T#1186|11|1|870|alpino_lc|303
T#1187|11|2|350|alpino_lc|149
T#1188|11|58|720|alpino_lc|528
T#1189|12|133|5130|alpino_lc|1382
T#1190|13|15296|594430|alpino_lc|87801
T#1191|13|64|2860|alpino_lc|2042
T#1192|10|52|3430|alpino_lc|1779
T#1193|14|1989|27450|alpino_lc|7432
T#1194|15|212|5560|alpino_lc|2162
T#1195|11|14|1810|alpino_lc|1065
T#1196|13|4|430|alpino_lc|371
T#1197|13|24|430|alpino_lc|185
T#1198|9|38|1850|alpino_lc|1184
T#1199|14|3|1240|alpino_lc|329
T#1200|13|30|1220|alpino_lc|364
T#1201|10|2|460|alpino_lc|178
T#1202|11|32|2430|alpino_lc|561
T#1203|8|3|160|alpino_lc|135
T#1204|12|42|270|alpino_lc|177
T#1205|14|42|9310|alpino_lc|4992
T#1206|13|296|8550|alpino_lc|1802
T#1207|14|355|4190|alpino_lc|1863
T#1208|9|3|520|alpino_lc|188
T#1209|10|84|1650|alpino_lc|1304
T#1210|12|219|2410|alpino_lc|588
T#1211|11|130|3490|alpino_lc|1582
T#1212|6|9|250|alpino_lc|80
T#1213|14|72|2780|alpino_lc|934
T#1214|10|8|820|alpino_lc|295
T#1215|14|562|109390|alpino_lc|17406
T#1216|13|20|3560|alpino_lc|1348
T#1217|12|206|1120|alpino_lc|312
T#1218|10|9|430|alpino_lc|147
T#1219|14|1197|72780|alpino_lc|19048
T#1220|13|88|4830|alpino_lc|2424
T#1221|10|4|800|alpino_lc|332
T#1222|13|9|1760|alpino_lc|703
T#1223|18|1807|24870|alpino_lc|8478
T#1224|10|109|3920|alpino_lc|1969
T#1225|19|960|6800|alpino_lc|2173
T#1226|15|2008|21480|alpino_lc|2509
T#1228|15|2|1220|alpino_lc|652
T#1229|18|68|2670|alpino_lc|1353
T#1230|14|504|15350|alpino_lc|6003
T#1231|11|2|860|alpino_lc|290
T#1232|6|4|560|alpino_lc|146
T#1233|6|12|580|alpino_lc|161
T#1234|24|72|8170|alpino_lc|2775
T#1235|13|12|250|alpino_lc|174
T#1236|15|72|2330|alpino_lc|1249
T#1237|8|2|150|alpino_lc|58
T#1238|14|57|2760|alpino_lc|898
T#1239|14|44|1870|alpino_lc|872
T#1240|13|17|820|alpino_lc|535
T#1241|10|19|300|alpino_lc|199
T#1242|10|11|500|alpino_lc|120
T#1243|13|16|3320|alpino_lc|376
T#1244|17|2462|31450|alpino_lc|2903
T#1245|15|5|1680|alpino_lc|923
T#1246|14|8|3080|alpino_lc|1759
T#1247|8|6|140|alpino_lc|39
T#1248|11|24|1650|alpino_lc|1581
T#1249|11|16|600|alpino_lc|323
T#1250|14|455|11020|alpino_lc|3660
T#1251|13|38|3930|alpino_lc|3283
T#1252|8|78|2470|alpino_lc|490
T#1253|12|218|5180|alpino_lc|1093
T#1254|6|2|160|alpino_lc|46
T#1255|15|354|30220|alpino_lc|4369
T#1256|11|86|5100|alpino_lc|1332
T#1257|12|24|2090|alpino_lc|852
T#1258|11|56|3580|alpino_lc|1003
T#1259|10|28|980|alpino_lc|366
T#1260|11|25|690|alpino_lc|218
T#1261|11|14|390|alpino_lc|216
T#1262|16|60|16690|alpino_lc|2403
T#1263|10|3|980|alpino_lc|567
T#1264|17|1200|64550|alpino_lc|3333
T#1265|9|3|1150|alpino_lc|279
T#1266|9|3|1130|alpino_lc|255
T#1267|9|1|180|alpino_lc|98
T#1268|10|39|1380|alpino_lc|757
T#1269|9|2|310|alpino_lc|95
T#1270|9|12|800|alpino_lc|291
T#1271|9|42|1070|alpino_lc|292
T#1272|10|18|1300|alpino_lc|285
T#1273|17|58|2520|alpino_lc|1635
T#1274|18|4474|40560|alpino_lc|3942
T#1275|5|1|40|alpino_lc|30
T#1276|12|274|9750|alpino_lc|1718
T#1277|11|20|1040|alpino_lc|679
T#1278|15|20|1890|alpino_lc|1080
T#1279|6|32|370|alpino_lc|175
T#1280|13|159|6570|alpino_lc|4901
T#1281|9|209|2130|alpino_lc|1317
T#1282|11|56|3240|alpino_lc|1195
T#1283|16|64|2120|alpino_lc|1754
T#1284|13|236|1750|alpino_lc|594
T#1285|8|14|490|alpino_lc|223
T#1286|8|4|130|alpino_lc|48
T#1287|15|240|1930|alpino_lc|753
T#1288|10|1043|3790|alpino_lc|712
T#1289|16|170|2120|alpino_lc|782
T#1290|9|7|270|alpino_lc|194
T#1291|9|22|430|alpino_lc|308
T#1292|14|10|580|alpino_lc|414
T#1293|13|8|1280|alpino_lc|551
T#1294|18|47295|147690|alpino_lc|3352
T#1295|12|24|320|alpino_lc|237
T#1296|18|248|3270|alpino_lc|1296
T#1297|11|5|480|alpino_lc|305
T#1298|9|16|230|alpino_lc|69
T#1299|11|10|740|alpino_lc|502
T#1300|13|91|1780|alpino_lc|914
T#1301|7|4|90|alpino_lc|62
T#1302|16|554|9270|alpino_lc|2387
T#1303|14|9|260|alpino_lc|106
T#1304|13|400|2740|alpino_lc|1176
T#1305|19|2156|9760|alpino_lc|1460
T#1306|16|238|1790|alpino_lc|667
T#1307|14|78|1720|alpino_lc|1046
T#1308|15|920|7360|alpino_lc|1435
T#1309|17|586|5610|alpino_lc|2360
T#1310|18|540|5470|alpino_lc|1081
T#1311|12|388|2470|alpino_lc|1035
T#1312|10|6|280|alpino_lc|201
T#1313|7|6|190|alpino_lc|37
T#1314|12|6|830|alpino_lc|411
T#1315|9|2|230|alpino_lc|55
T#1316|12|12|720|alpino_lc|200
T#1317|17|1238|68860|alpino_lc|21404
T#1318|18|280|14120|alpino_lc|4372
T#1319|11|38|2750|alpino_lc|1401
T#1320|14|17|2520|alpino_lc|1403
