cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 21760 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 17080 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 13250 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 46760 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 11460 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 11880 msec
cputime total 14020 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 14800 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 12220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 13030 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 13190 msec
cputime total 14290 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 11010 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30720 msec
cputime total 44120 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 23550 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 11510 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 13100 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 17070 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 48690 msec
cputime total 41100 msec
cputime total 44600 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 27590 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 14700 msec
cputime total 11200 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 11990 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 26340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 14600 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 16680 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 21270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8380 msec
cputime total 11870 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 16600 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 11640 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 17860 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 7580 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 48970 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 27490 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 18610 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 29010 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 16300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 13300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 13720 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 10110 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 11730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 15390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10450 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 9360 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 11090 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 8540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 13360 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 16140 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 7720 msec
cputime total 24330 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 23860 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 7340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 27360 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 11920 msec
cputime total 8750 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 36380 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 6410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 12190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10000 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 11330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 9080 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 26920 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 26610 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 41730 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 9840 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 11100 msec
cputime total 30710 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 40540 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 6330 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10650 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 3730 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 17530 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 13440 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 23340 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 18460 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 26860 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 14160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 13330 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 15630 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 9070 msec
cputime total 11460 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 123390 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 11130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 15660 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 17400 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 13520 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7410 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 13130 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 43640 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 20620 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 8300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10410 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 12620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 9430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 5810 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 16970 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7310 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 252860 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 5990 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 6230 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 14390 msec
cputime total 10940 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6890 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 17270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 11070 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 16420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 15120 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50670 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 32420 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 23520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 30970 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 9860 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 11460 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 23190 msec
cputime total 14560 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 9520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 17460 msec
cputime total 15360 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 5390 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 38500 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 21160 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 40000 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 99610 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 23650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 8380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 17700 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 8870 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10860 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 12910 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 10530 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 14580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 17040 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 13310 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 13770 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 19220 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 19910 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 22470 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 16040 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|81
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.3|6|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.5|14|1|830|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.1.s.6|15|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.3|16|1|540|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.5|11|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.6|35|1|21760|alpino_lc|5578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.7|9|1|240|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.2.s.8|24|1|2790|alpino_lc|1829
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.1|16|1|770|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.5|10|1|780|alpino_lc|1048
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.6|16|1|270|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.3.s.7|6|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.2|10|1|1000|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.4|9|1|100|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.4.s.5|13|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.1|5|1|190|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.2|24|1|730|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.5.s.5|14|1|1470|alpino_lc|1192
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.1|17|1|1500|alpino_lc|1079
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.2|16|1|380|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.3|18|1|160|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.4|10|1|330|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.5|14|1|270|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.6|18|1|1010|alpino_lc|731
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.6.s.7|11|1|170|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.1|14|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.3|14|1|220|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.5|24|1|2000|alpino_lc|1271
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.6|8|1|260|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.7.s.7|17|1|1240|alpino_lc|2095
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.8.s.1|14|1|1120|alpino_lc|882
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.8.s.2|36|1|3060|alpino_lc|1849
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.8.s.3|18|1|900|alpino_lc|539
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.1|16|1|3750|alpino_lc|2478
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.3|13|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.4|13|1|630|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.9.s.5|19|1|1370|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.1|31|1|4110|alpino_lc|2434
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.3|15|1|630|alpino_lc|585
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.4|19|1|1090|alpino_lc|982
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.5|17|1|1830|alpino_lc|1302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.10.s.6|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.4|12|1|620|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.5|26|1|700|alpino_lc|466
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.11.s.6|12|1|530|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.1|18|1|720|alpino_lc|525
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.2|15|1|690|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.3|17|1|360|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.4|8|1|750|alpino_lc|298
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.5|12|1|240|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.6|14|1|480|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.7|7|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.12.s.8|11|1|230|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.13.s.1|30|1|1820|alpino_lc|833
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.13.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.1|19|1|2280|alpino_lc|999
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.2|10|1|760|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.3|20|1|660|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.4|10|1|560|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.14.s.5|12|1|590|alpino_lc|568
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.1|21|1|700|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.2|15|1|320|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.15.s.3|16|1|280|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.1|18|1|870|alpino_lc|639
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.2|30|1|1640|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.16.s.4|14|1|260|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.17.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000001.p.18.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.1|42|1|17080|alpino_lc|2634
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.2|27|1|7650|alpino_lc|3737
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.3|17|1|1670|alpino_lc|1486
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.5|26|1|1610|alpino_lc|1143
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.1.s.6|27|1|1550|alpino_lc|1772
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000002.p.2.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.1|18|1|5550|alpino_lc|6005
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.3|14|1|620|alpino_lc|595
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.1.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.2|9|1|210|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.2.s.4|18|1|250|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.3.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.2|19|1|1010|alpino_lc|935
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.4.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.5.s.3|17|1|300|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.6.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.6.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|359
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.7.s.1|9|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.8.s.1|9|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000003.p.9.s.1|9|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.2|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|949
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.4|11|1|170|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000004.p.1.s.5|13|1|290|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.1.s.1|34|1|5570|alpino_lc|1798
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.1.s.2|21|1|2700|alpino_lc|614
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.2.s.1|27|1|3110|alpino_lc|3042
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.2.s.2|25|1|2580|alpino_lc|2313
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.3.s.1|25|1|2010|alpino_lc|2201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.3.s.2|43|1|13250|alpino_lc|2327
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.4.s.1|23|1|1500|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.4.s.2|39|1|3460|alpino_lc|4213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.5.s.1|42|1|10230|alpino_lc|9397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.6.s.1|27|1|8100|alpino_lc|7577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.6.s.2|28|1|46760|alpino_lc|46014
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.7.s.1|21|1|300|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.7.s.2|12|1|350|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000005.p.7.s.3|30|1|2400|alpino_lc|962
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.2|18|1|330|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.4|15|1|500|alpino_lc|478
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.5|12|1|160|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.1.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.2.s.1|35|1|9100|alpino_lc|2217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.2.s.2|15|1|190|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.1|25|1|1140|alpino_lc|450
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.3.s.3|20|1|710|alpino_lc|848
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|392
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.4|9|1|420|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.4.s.5|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.5.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.5.s.2|18|1|690|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000006.p.6.s.5|16|1|460|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.1|16|1|1780|alpino_lc|1596
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.2|24|1|3600|alpino_lc|4450
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.3|13|1|490|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.4|15|1|1520|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.1.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.2.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000007.p.3.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.2|15|1|590|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.4|14|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.5|5|1|140|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000008.p.1.s.6|15|1|690|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.2|21|1|2010|alpino_lc|1397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.1.s.4|22|1|1020|alpino_lc|950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.1|25|1|1050|alpino_lc|645
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.2|31|1|2510|alpino_lc|1706
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.2.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|714
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.1|8|1|280|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.2|11|1|790|alpino_lc|533
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.3|11|1|410|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.4|10|1|240|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.5|11|1|320|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.6|6|1|90|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.3.s.8|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|1483
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.2|32|1|480|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.3|8|1|300|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.4.s.4|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|1043
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.2|20|1|2920|alpino_lc|798
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.3|29|1|11460|alpino_lc|19769
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.4|11|1|430|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.5|9|1|210|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.5.s.6|9|1|200|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.1|18|1|4380|alpino_lc|739
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.2|12|1|370|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.6.s.3|23|1|1260|alpino_lc|567
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.7.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000009.p.8.s.1|15|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.1.s.2|24|1|4360|alpino_lc|230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.1|13|1|1470|alpino_lc|609
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.2|11|1|480|alpino_lc|304
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.3|15|1|330|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.2.s.4|12|1|290|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.3.s.1|13|1|670|alpino_lc|709
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.3.s.2|14|1|1440|alpino_lc|1039
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.1|17|1|420|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.2|15|1|390|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000010.p.4.s.3|16|1|530|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.2|23|1|1650|alpino_lc|1089
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.3|25|1|1390|alpino_lc|872
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000011.p.1.s.4|16|1|670|alpino_lc|686
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.2|20|1|5640|alpino_lc|2445
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.1.s.3|16|1|460|alpino_lc|639
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.2.s.1|22|1|350|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.2.s.2|33|1|970|alpino_lc|451
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.3.s.1|21|1|680|alpino_lc|510
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.3.s.2|22|1|1520|alpino_lc|753
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.1|17|1|510|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.2|12|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.3|12|1|390|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.4.s.4|15|1|670|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.5.s.1|26|1|760|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.5.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|216
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.5.s.3|20|1|490|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.1|22|1|870|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.6.s.3|10|1|530|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.7.s.1|35|1|11880|alpino_lc|2407
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.8.s.1|33|1|14020|alpino_lc|13734
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.1|20|1|3000|alpino_lc|2378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.2|15|1|760|alpino_lc|387
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.9.s.4|16|1|710|alpino_lc|741
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.1|16|1|930|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.2|19|1|3650|alpino_lc|4458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.3|30|1|2190|alpino_lc|1056
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.10.s.4|13|1|210|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.11.s.1|20|1|510|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.11.s.2|14|1|450|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.11.s.3|26|1|1170|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.12.s.3|25|1|1230|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.13.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000012.p.14.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.1|31|1|6680|alpino_lc|836
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.2|12|1|570|alpino_lc|473
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.3|12|1|380|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.4|12|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.1.s.5|8|1|280|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.2.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000013.p.3.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.1.s.1|28|1|14800|alpino_lc|18854
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.1|21|1|1030|alpino_lc|484
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.2|22|1|1580|alpino_lc|1301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.3|37|1|12220|alpino_lc|2265
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.4|14|1|410|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.6|29|1|13030|alpino_lc|2345
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.7|12|1|220|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.8|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.2.s.9|15|1|1470|alpino_lc|800
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.1|31|1|3310|alpino_lc|3557
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.2|19|1|660|alpino_lc|377
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.3|19|1|950|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.5|34|1|1840|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.6|18|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.7|36|1|4170|alpino_lc|4376
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.8|28|1|13190|alpino_lc|3649
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.9|26|1|14290|alpino_lc|30267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000014.p.3.s.10|26|1|1580|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.2|23|1|2630|alpino_lc|1624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.1.s.3|10|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.1|18|1|460|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.2|33|1|6590|alpino_lc|1101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.4|23|1|830|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000015.p.2.s.5|24|1|3990|alpino_lc|1876
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.2|19|1|3030|alpino_lc|1006
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000016.p.1.s.4|17|1|320|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.1|18|1|910|alpino_lc|839
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.2|17|1|7770|alpino_lc|2585
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.3|6|1|170|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.4|13|1|390|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.5|13|1|500|alpino_lc|504
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000017.p.1.s.6|17|1|1640|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.1|20|1|1020|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.3|14|1|580|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000018.p.1.s.4|5|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.1.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.1.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.1.s.3|29|1|6560|alpino_lc|4033
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.2.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.1|23|1|6710|alpino_lc|3513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.3|29|1|1950|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.4|9|1|170|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.3.s.5|12|1|390|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.1|21|1|1110|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.2|17|1|450|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.3|19|1|540|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.4.s.4|21|1|660|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.5.s.1|12|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.5.s.2|15|1|240|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.5.s.3|28|1|4850|alpino_lc|3338
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.1|30|1|6560|alpino_lc|3960
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.2|12|1|450|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.3|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.4|38|1|14200|alpino_lc|23997
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.6.s.5|13|1|280|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.1|14|1|1420|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.2|11|1|1970|alpino_lc|1952
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.3|34|1|5270|alpino_lc|3454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.4|18|1|360|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.5|26|1|11010|alpino_lc|4129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.7.s.6|24|1|3380|alpino_lc|1168
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.8.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.9.s.1|12|1|450|alpino_lc|409
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.10.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.11.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.1|22|1|390|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.12.s.3|23|1|1870|alpino_lc|1732
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.13.s.1|26|1|2120|alpino_lc|1249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.13.s.2|17|1|400|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.1|16|1|790|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.2|19|1|240|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.14.s.3|5|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.15.s.1|34|1|30720|alpino_lc|5576
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.16.s.1|33|1|44120|alpino_lc|51497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.16.s.2|12|1|2020|alpino_lc|2566
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.16.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.1|17|1|590|alpino_lc|319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.3|14|1|400|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.4|7|1|190|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.5|10|1|240|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000019.p.17.s.6|13|1|260|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.3|12|1|1170|alpino_lc|1657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.1.s.5|12|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.1|23|1|360|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.2|12|1|310|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.4|18|1|660|alpino_lc|342
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.2.s.5|11|1|410|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.2|16|1|220|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.4|14|1|1340|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.3.s.5|17|1|3150|alpino_lc|1335
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.1|14|1|560|alpino_lc|572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.2|7|1|330|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.5|6|1|120|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.4.s.6|7|1|180|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.5.s.1|24|1|3000|alpino_lc|2144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.5.s.2|35|1|3380|alpino_lc|3244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.5.s.3|15|1|2380|alpino_lc|3441
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.3|19|1|520|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.6.s.4|14|1|400|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.1|8|1|490|alpino_lc|531
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.2|19|1|1380|alpino_lc|628
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.3|18|1|840|alpino_lc|911
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.7.s.4|18|1|550|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.1|18|1|1660|alpino_lc|901
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.2|24|1|1040|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.3|23|1|1040|alpino_lc|753
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.8.s.4|19|1|650|alpino_lc|409
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.3|7|1|160|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.9.s.4|22|1|540|alpino_lc|223
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.10.s.1|41|1|7320|alpino_lc|3930
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.10.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.3|11|1|430|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.4|35|1|1520|alpino_lc|823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.5|11|1|380|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.6|15|1|300|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.11.s.7|18|1|1330|alpino_lc|637
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.1|22|1|830|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.2|28|1|3690|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.12.s.4|20|1|520|alpino_lc|307
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.2|17|1|2500|alpino_lc|2237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.3|10|1|300|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.13.s.4|9|1|160|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.2|13|1|570|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.3|18|1|310|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.4|13|1|630|alpino_lc|356
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.6|10|1|310|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.7|10|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.8|10|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.9|12|1|810|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.10|9|1|340|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.14.s.11|7|1|330|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.2|7|1|150|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.15.s.3|6|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000020.p.16.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.2|16|1|3070|alpino_lc|1429
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.1.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.2.s.1|21|1|1510|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.2.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.1|20|1|580|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.2|18|1|4640|alpino_lc|3889
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.3.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.1|19|1|940|alpino_lc|845
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.4.s.3|8|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.5.s.1|59|1|23550|alpino_lc|7642
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.5.s.2|11|1|640|alpino_lc|602
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.1|16|1|630|alpino_lc|621
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.2|17|1|560|alpino_lc|420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.6.s.3|13|1|660|alpino_lc|823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000021.p.7.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.2|24|1|1170|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.3|16|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.4|15|1|600|alpino_lc|668
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000022.p.1.s.5|16|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.1|7|1|300|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.2|25|1|11510|alpino_lc|6314
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.3|25|1|3560|alpino_lc|3107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.1.s.4|10|1|590|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.1|25|1|1640|alpino_lc|1330
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.3|32|1|1320|alpino_lc|549
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.2.s.4|26|1|480|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.3.s.1|30|1|13100|alpino_lc|7974
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.3.s.2|16|1|450|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.3.s.3|24|1|680|alpino_lc|638
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.2|26|1|1430|alpino_lc|673
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.3|12|1|910|alpino_lc|971
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.4.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.1|12|1|540|alpino_lc|616
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.2|21|1|680|alpino_lc|464
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.3|25|1|5330|alpino_lc|1174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.5.s.4|30|1|12070|alpino_lc|2013
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|192
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.2|28|1|1890|alpino_lc|1328
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.3|17|1|870|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.6.s.4|39|1|17070|alpino_lc|9253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.7.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.7.s.2|51|1|48690|alpino_lc|7031
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.8.s.1|40|1|41100|alpino_lc|1665
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.8.s.2|52|1|44600|alpino_lc|17112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.8.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.1|24|1|5560|alpino_lc|3272
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.2|13|1|320|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.3|15|1|720|alpino_lc|511
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.4|16|1|1830|alpino_lc|682
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.5|14|1|800|alpino_lc|860
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.6|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.9.s.7|15|1|310|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.10.s.1|34|1|9090|alpino_lc|5953
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.2|31|1|27590|alpino_lc|12954
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.3|38|1|4090|alpino_lc|1458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.4|16|1|280|alpino_lc|153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.11.s.6|28|1|3590|alpino_lc|2559
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.12.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.12.s.2|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|1034
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.12.s.3|30|1|3710|alpino_lc|4228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.13.s.1|33|1|9350|alpino_lc|958
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.13.s.2|25|1|1010|alpino_lc|418
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.13.s.3|31|1|2560|alpino_lc|1311
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.14.s.1|30|1|14700|alpino_lc|3863
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.14.s.2|25|1|11200|alpino_lc|8949
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.14.s.3|22|1|740|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.1|32|1|11990|alpino_lc|4435
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.2|22|1|1780|alpino_lc|625
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.5|13|1|230|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.6|14|1|310|alpino_lc|284
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.7|29|1|1730|alpino_lc|715
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.15.s.8|9|1|210|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.16.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.1|13|1|1140|alpino_lc|782
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.2|26|1|5190|alpino_lc|2351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.5|23|1|8040|alpino_lc|5319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.17.s.6|10|1|310|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|258
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.2|23|1|1370|alpino_lc|669
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.3|14|1|220|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.4|22|1|670|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.5|30|1|2330|alpino_lc|950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.6|26|1|1990|alpino_lc|610
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.18.s.7|16|1|460|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.1|22|1|4390|alpino_lc|2924
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.2|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|801
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.3|14|1|4930|alpino_lc|1077
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.4|21|1|2010|alpino_lc|1914
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.5|9|1|350|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.6|11|1|370|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.19.s.7|27|1|5670|alpino_lc|2646
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.1|14|1|970|alpino_lc|534
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.2|15|1|630|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.3|25|1|26340|alpino_lc|20197
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.20.s.4|16|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.1|24|1|1930|alpino_lc|1199
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.2|9|1|150|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.3|21|1|14600|alpino_lc|3805
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.21.s.4|12|1|360|alpino_lc|327
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.1|17|1|1440|alpino_lc|989
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.2|15|1|300|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.3|13|1|530|alpino_lc|267
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.4|16|1|2060|alpino_lc|994
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.5|27|1|3360|alpino_lc|1091
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.6|12|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.22.s.7|29|1|1380|alpino_lc|443
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.23.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000023.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.1.s.2|16|1|400|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.1.s.3|26|1|5170|alpino_lc|2199
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.2.s.1|27|1|16680|alpino_lc|7341
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.2.s.2|16|1|800|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.1|24|1|4470|alpino_lc|2397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.2|11|1|410|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.3.s.4|28|1|760|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.1|16|1|410|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.4.s.3|17|1|440|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.5.s.1|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.1|18|1|1920|alpino_lc|187
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.2|22|1|21270|alpino_lc|11968
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.6.s.3|12|1|270|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.7.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000024.p.8.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.2|12|1|590|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.4|18|1|690|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.1.s.6|11|1|190|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.1|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|173
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.3|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|1019
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.2.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.1|17|1|560|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.2|18|1|960|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.3|21|1|950|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.5|17|1|250|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.6|8|1|140|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.3.s.7|22|1|1300|alpino_lc|665
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.2|17|1|650|alpino_lc|457
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.4|13|1|320|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.5|19|1|870|alpino_lc|445
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.6|19|1|4490|alpino_lc|1297
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.4.s.7|18|1|790|alpino_lc|531
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.1|26|1|4710|alpino_lc|1636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.3|27|1|8120|alpino_lc|2878
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.5|16|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.5.s.6|13|1|900|alpino_lc|664
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.1|14|1|600|alpino_lc|398
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.2|17|1|550|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.6.s.3|23|1|3770|alpino_lc|2213
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.1|24|1|3910|alpino_lc|1513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.2|16|1|400|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.7.s.3|15|1|530|alpino_lc|233
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.1|17|1|760|alpino_lc|700
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.4|18|1|420|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.5|10|1|250|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.8.s.6|12|1|170|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.1|20|1|1110|alpino_lc|795
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.3|12|1|560|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.4|14|1|500|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.9.s.5|15|1|240|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.2|23|1|680|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.10.s.4|22|1|1260|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.1|22|1|440|alpino_lc|233
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.3|28|1|4930|alpino_lc|1288
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.11.s.4|11|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.1|25|1|1050|alpino_lc|808
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.3|14|1|480|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.5|11|1|270|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000025.p.12.s.6|19|1|990|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.2|26|1|4970|alpino_lc|1970
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.3|19|1|790|alpino_lc|664
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.4|13|1|210|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.5|20|1|550|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.6|17|1|2050|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000026.p.1.s.7|13|1|910|alpino_lc|729
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.2|23|1|8380|alpino_lc|5033
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.3|21|1|11870|alpino_lc|1440
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000027.p.1.s.4|21|1|3580|alpino_lc|2561
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.1.s.1|49|1|16600|alpino_lc|7327
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.1.s.2|12|1|300|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.1|16|1|570|alpino_lc|474
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.2|31|1|2300|alpino_lc|764
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.3|35|1|11640|alpino_lc|1779
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.2.s.4|23|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.2|19|1|660|alpino_lc|335
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.3|19|1|1800|alpino_lc|1003
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.4|31|1|3430|alpino_lc|874
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.3.s.5|24|1|6470|alpino_lc|2337
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.2|11|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.3|32|1|1020|alpino_lc|830
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.4|17|1|370|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.5|22|1|17860|alpino_lc|8950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.4.s.6|12|1|510|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.1|19|1|540|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.3|16|1|2870|alpino_lc|1692
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.4|21|1|7580|alpino_lc|5084
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.5|22|1|2880|alpino_lc|2339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.6|22|1|740|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.7|14|1|460|alpino_lc|180
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.8|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.9|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.10|5|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.11|7|1|500|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.12|38|1|1290|alpino_lc|832
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.13|11|1|1260|alpino_lc|498
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.14|26|1|900|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.15|8|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.16|21|1|530|alpino_lc|281
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.5.s.17|30|1|48970|alpino_lc|5615
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.1|16|1|550|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.2|20|1|8290|alpino_lc|6629
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.4|22|1|3070|alpino_lc|718
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.5|10|1|530|alpino_lc|580
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.6.s.6|13|1|380|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.1|38|1|12100|alpino_lc|1852
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.2|15|1|540|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.3|19|1|1700|alpino_lc|814
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.4|22|1|1780|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.7.s.5|35|1|680|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.1|37|1|27490|alpino_lc|14707
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.2|20|1|700|alpino_lc|477
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.4|17|1|760|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.5|17|1|430|alpino_lc|332
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.6|37|1|18610|alpino_lc|6840
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.7|20|1|2600|alpino_lc|331
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.8|19|1|2110|alpino_lc|1445
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.8.s.9|26|1|29010|alpino_lc|24639
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.1|14|1|6500|alpino_lc|3950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.2|38|1|16300|alpino_lc|2494
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.4|9|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.5|16|1|860|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.6|28|1|6770|alpino_lc|1317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.9.s.7|9|1|160|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.10.s.1|20|1|1210|alpino_lc|549
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.10.s.2|31|1|13300|alpino_lc|4147
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000028.p.11.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.2|11|1|370|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.3|14|1|170|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000029.p.1.s.4|15|1|510|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.2|18|1|840|alpino_lc|300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.3|26|1|2090|alpino_lc|630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.4|17|1|840|alpino_lc|464
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.5|6|1|180|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.6|11|1|370|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.7|9|1|110|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000030.p.1.s.8|17|1|330|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.1.s.3|15|1|510|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.2.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.2.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.2.s.3|28|1|3310|alpino_lc|1366
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.3.s.1|32|1|9950|alpino_lc|4842
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.3.s.2|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|1004
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.4.s.1|27|1|2180|alpino_lc|1166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.4.s.2|15|1|510|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.4.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.2|15|1|400|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.3|13|1|1300|alpino_lc|1144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.5.s.4|12|1|550|alpino_lc|383
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.1|23|1|1520|alpino_lc|839
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.2|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|717
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.3|19|1|940|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.6.s.4|8|1|430|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.1|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.3|16|1|690|alpino_lc|823
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.7.s.4|15|1|450|alpino_lc|320
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.8.s.1|24|1|820|alpino_lc|487
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.8.s.2|22|1|13720|alpino_lc|11175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.1|21|1|2910|alpino_lc|2161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.2|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|946
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.3|11|1|420|alpino_lc|186
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.4|10|1|320|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.9.s.5|17|1|460|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.10.s.1|13|1|860|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.10.s.2|26|1|10110|alpino_lc|3634
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.11.s.1|22|1|6120|alpino_lc|698
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.12.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|104
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.12.s.2|17|1|830|alpino_lc|430
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.13.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.13.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.1|31|1|11730|alpino_lc|2689
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.4|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|457
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.5|9|1|310|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.6|12|1|170|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.7|11|1|620|alpino_lc|1239
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.14.s.8|13|1|1350|alpino_lc|1141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.1|18|1|440|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000031.p.15.s.3|9|1|270|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.1|40|1|7120|alpino_lc|4567
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.2|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.3|13|1|1490|alpino_lc|2043
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.1.s.4|5|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.1|24|1|1800|alpino_lc|1136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.2.s.3|22|1|3140|alpino_lc|972
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.1|23|1|10940|alpino_lc|7895
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.3|22|1|15390|alpino_lc|4107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.3.s.5|30|1|4580|alpino_lc|4616
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.4.s.1|10|1|330|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.4.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.2|6|1|350|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.3|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.4|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|565
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.5|13|1|190|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.6|11|1|270|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.5.s.7|4|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.3|15|1|170|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.4|17|1|620|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.6.s.5|21|1|2050|alpino_lc|1565
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.1|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|495
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.2|17|1|830|alpino_lc|391
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.7.s.3|4|1|190|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.1|16|1|200|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.2|10|1|500|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000032.p.8.s.3|18|1|390|alpino_lc|171
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.2|32|1|10450|alpino_lc|2395
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.3|7|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.4|8|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.5|15|1|280|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.6|25|1|1510|alpino_lc|1692
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000033.p.1.s.7|19|1|410|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.2|21|1|1070|alpino_lc|640
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.3|20|1|5030|alpino_lc|4065
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.1.s.4|8|1|460|alpino_lc|403
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.2.s.1|24|1|9360|alpino_lc|6211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.2.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.3.s.1|38|1|3660|alpino_lc|1302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.1|24|1|700|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.2|24|1|840|alpino_lc|290
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.4.s.3|25|1|2050|alpino_lc|486
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.5.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.5.s.2|42|1|4430|alpino_lc|2514
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.6.s.1|19|1|4640|alpino_lc|2145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.6.s.2|35|1|3930|alpino_lc|3124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.6.s.3|18|1|840|alpino_lc|459
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.7.s.1|8|1|360|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.7.s.2|19|1|1390|alpino_lc|2323
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000034.p.8.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.2|24|1|2490|alpino_lc|1135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.3|21|1|4740|alpino_lc|3572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.1.s.4|6|1|150|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.2.s.1|27|1|11090|alpino_lc|3907
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.2.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.3.s.1|21|1|3270|alpino_lc|3565
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.3.s.2|16|1|500|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.1|20|1|4570|alpino_lc|856
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.2|27|1|7170|alpino_lc|7866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.3|9|1|410|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.4.s.4|24|1|500|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.5.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.5.s.2|31|1|8540|alpino_lc|8053
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.2|18|1|1660|alpino_lc|1023
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.3|19|1|360|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.6.s.4|58|1|13360|alpino_lc|19545
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.1|31|1|1340|alpino_lc|893
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.2|16|1|1260|alpino_lc|868
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000035.p.7.s.4|24|1|16140|alpino_lc|4855
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.1|24|1|2180|alpino_lc|1256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.4|33|1|1610|alpino_lc|552
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.1.s.5|31|1|1050|alpino_lc|579
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.2.s.1|27|1|1280|alpino_lc|965
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.2.s.2|23|1|3850|alpino_lc|310
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.1|9|1|1040|alpino_lc|812
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.2|25|1|1270|alpino_lc|447
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.3.s.3|22|1|7720|alpino_lc|3428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.4.s.1|35|1|24330|alpino_lc|4015
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.4.s.2|12|1|810|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.4.s.3|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|720
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.1|16|1|2540|alpino_lc|2532
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.2|16|1|230|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.4|40|1|3480|alpino_lc|2621
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000036.p.5.s.5|22|1|1150|alpino_lc|572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.1|36|1|23860|alpino_lc|6194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.2|13|1|160|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.4|15|1|740|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.5|13|1|920|alpino_lc|1153
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.1.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.1|13|1|270|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.2|10|1|640|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.3|22|1|2810|alpino_lc|3247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.4|10|1|180|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.6|8|1|560|alpino_lc|486
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.7|15|1|280|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.2.s.8|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|741
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.3|34|1|7640|alpino_lc|2034
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.3.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.1|21|1|3350|alpino_lc|627
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.2|13|1|480|alpino_lc|529
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|7
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.4|14|1|510|alpino_lc|329
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.4.s.5|16|1|620|alpino_lc|496
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.3|39|1|1890|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.5.s.4|14|1|1280|alpino_lc|2245
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.1|16|1|490|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.2|22|1|1580|alpino_lc|1074
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.3|21|1|640|alpino_lc|685
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.6.s.4|16|1|350|alpino_lc|434
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.1|27|1|7340|alpino_lc|7340
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.4|12|1|440|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.7.s.5|20|1|830|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.2|18|1|480|alpino_lc|248
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.3|10|1|220|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.4|38|1|27360|alpino_lc|25352
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.8.s.5|18|1|440|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.1|18|1|290|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.2|18|1|600|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.3|28|1|1960|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.9.s.4|11|1|80|alpino_lc|64
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.1|17|1|730|alpino_lc|849
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.2|21|1|1240|alpino_lc|1005
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.3|29|1|1550|alpino_lc|1749
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.4|7|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.10.s.5|9|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.11.s.1|18|1|1930|alpino_lc|1201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.11.s.2|17|1|6160|alpino_lc|4109
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.3|25|1|720|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.4|12|1|1060|alpino_lc|1141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.5|15|1|330|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.12.s.6|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|692
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.1|15|1|480|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.2|16|1|2240|alpino_lc|847
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.13.s.6|9|1|240|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.2|17|1|570|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.3|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|1228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.4|19|1|440|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.14.s.5|10|1|210|alpino_lc|211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.1|14|1|720|alpino_lc|632
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.2|32|1|4700|alpino_lc|2114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.3|41|1|2790|alpino_lc|1223
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.4|12|1|700|alpino_lc|500
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.6|20|1|560|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.7|7|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.15.s.8|20|1|750|alpino_lc|410
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.2|17|1|270|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.3|13|1|390|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.4|8|1|240|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.5|13|1|190|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.16.s.6|14|1|250|alpino_lc|175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.17.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000037.p.18.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.1.s.2|16|1|830|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.2.s.1|22|1|630|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.2.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.1|25|1|11920|alpino_lc|1924
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.2|24|1|8750|alpino_lc|3248
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.3.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.4.s.1|34|1|36380|alpino_lc|6426
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.4.s.2|18|1|900|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000038.p.4.s.3|11|1|410|alpino_lc|235
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.2|11|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.3|14|1|530|alpino_lc|624
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.1.s.4|10|1|380|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.1|19|1|4590|alpino_lc|4451
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.2|14|1|210|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.3|12|1|480|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.2.s.4|12|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.1|13|1|340|alpino_lc|282
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.2|9|1|320|alpino_lc|165
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.3|15|1|820|alpino_lc|632
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.3.s.4|20|1|750|alpino_lc|688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.1|18|1|290|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.4|13|1|370|alpino_lc|368
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.5|4|1|60|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.4.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.3|12|1|350|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.5.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.2|13|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.4|12|1|310|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.5|5|1|220|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.6.s.6|20|1|1400|alpino_lc|1403
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.1|22|1|750|alpino_lc|508
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.2|25|1|3130|alpino_lc|2009
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.7.s.3|6|1|240|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.1|14|1|980|alpino_lc|1028
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.2|4|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.4|22|1|3790|alpino_lc|1747
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.8.s.5|11|1|450|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.1|14|1|1080|alpino_lc|933
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.3|22|1|550|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.4|7|1|210|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.9.s.5|17|1|2570|alpino_lc|1324
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.10.s.5|11|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.5|16|1|590|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.6|9|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.11.s.7|11|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.2|21|1|380|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.12.s.3|18|1|3030|alpino_lc|4402
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.13.s.1|30|1|6410|alpino_lc|4946
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.13.s.2|10|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.13.s.3|12|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.14.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.14.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.14.s.3|26|1|700|alpino_lc|337
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.15.s.1|10|1|310|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000039.p.16.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.1.s.3|12|1|180|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.2.s.1|23|1|5430|alpino_lc|4190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.3.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.3.s.2|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|732
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.1|19|1|730|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.2|17|1|960|alpino_lc|552
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.4.s.3|10|1|380|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000040.p.5.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.2|17|1|610|alpino_lc|388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.3|30|1|1800|alpino_lc|1280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.1.s.4|10|1|360|alpino_lc|263
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.1|13|1|1220|alpino_lc|1175
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.4|11|1|170|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.6|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.7|13|1|470|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.2.s.8|15|1|230|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.1|8|1|190|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.2|23|1|5240|alpino_lc|8879
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.3|14|1|190|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.3.s.5|15|1|530|alpino_lc|318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.4.s.1|21|1|2060|alpino_lc|2136
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.4.s.2|34|1|4470|alpino_lc|1063
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.4.s.3|18|1|200|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.1|35|1|12190|alpino_lc|4392
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|441
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.3|19|1|350|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.5.s.4|13|1|580|alpino_lc|376
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.1|24|1|10000|alpino_lc|7091
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.3|18|1|540|alpino_lc|264
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.6.s.4|35|1|4620|alpino_lc|1393
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|145
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.5|13|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.7|8|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.7.s.8|10|1|630|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.1|10|1|450|alpino_lc|306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.3|12|1|200|alpino_lc|151
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.8.s.4|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|2042
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.1|15|1|1670|alpino_lc|628
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.2|21|1|470|alpino_lc|273
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.4|4|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000041.p.9.s.5|16|1|2540|alpino_lc|2128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.1.s.1|23|1|11330|alpino_lc|947
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.1.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.2.s.1|15|1|420|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.2.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000042.p.3.s.1|35|1|970|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.2|15|1|1310|alpino_lc|989
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.3|14|1|720|alpino_lc|508
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.5|13|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.6|12|1|330|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000043.p.1.s.7|28|1|9080|alpino_lc|1457
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.2|21|1|390|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.1.s.3|18|1|380|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.2|21|1|1190|alpino_lc|1059
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.3|13|1|300|alpino_lc|403
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.4|15|1|480|alpino_lc|351
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.2.s.5|35|1|1670|alpino_lc|1067
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.1|13|1|410|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.2|14|1|560|alpino_lc|444
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.3|7|1|160|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.4|20|1|320|alpino_lc|231
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.3.s.5|16|1|790|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.1|13|1|430|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.2|18|1|3590|alpino_lc|2384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.4.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.1|28|1|560|alpino_lc|915
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.2|14|1|610|alpino_lc|454
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.3|20|1|670|alpino_lc|342
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.5.s.5|14|1|330|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.6.s.1|25|1|780|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.6.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.2|37|1|3870|alpino_lc|3713
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.3|11|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.7.s.4|10|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000044.p.8.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.1.s.1|19|1|580|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.2.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.3.s.1|38|1|1210|alpino_lc|547
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.3.s.2|17|1|360|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.2|10|1|380|alpino_lc|404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.4.s.3|18|1|970|alpino_lc|592
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000045.p.5.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|268
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.1.s.2|21|1|850|alpino_lc|538
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.1.s.3|33|1|26920|alpino_lc|4211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.2.s.1|27|1|1140|alpino_lc|856
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.2.s.2|24|1|1400|alpino_lc|1339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.2.s.3|15|1|1310|alpino_lc|1230
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.3.s.1|32|1|26610|alpino_lc|8470
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.4.s.1|21|1|5890|alpino_lc|2926
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.4.s.2|11|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.5.s.1|49|1|41730|alpino_lc|9727
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.6.s.1|44|1|10290|alpino_lc|5529
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.3|9|1|330|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.4|8|1|180|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.5|10|1|210|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.7.s.6|20|1|660|alpino_lc|1039
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.8.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.8.s.2|35|1|3160|alpino_lc|1254
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.1|19|1|430|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.2|12|1|250|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.9.s.3|23|1|620|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.10.s.1|8|1|190|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.10.s.2|40|1|4160|alpino_lc|1675
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.11.s.3|14|1|1360|alpino_lc|429
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.12.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.13.s.1|8|1|270|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.14.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.15.s.1|12|1|790|alpino_lc|576
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000046.p.16.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.2|17|1|330|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|116
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.1.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.2.s.1|10|1|990|alpino_lc|536
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.2.s.2|29|1|9840|alpino_lc|6706
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.1|15|1|900|alpino_lc|1041
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.2|14|1|1510|alpino_lc|716
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.4|8|1|290|alpino_lc|203
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.3.s.5|25|1|660|alpino_lc|735
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|337
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.5|13|1|460|alpino_lc|462
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.6|6|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.7|13|1|350|alpino_lc|283
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.8|31|1|2240|alpino_lc|1816
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.4.s.9|9|1|140|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.1|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|443
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.3|16|1|450|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.5.s.4|22|1|1960|alpino_lc|1446
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.1|14|1|610|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.3|29|1|5110|alpino_lc|4659
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000047.p.6.s.5|16|1|720|alpino_lc|379
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.1.s.1|15|1|600|alpino_lc|302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.1.s.2|12|1|410|alpino_lc|345
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.1|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|2028
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.2|19|1|1980|alpino_lc|1859
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.3|10|1|360|alpino_lc|315
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.4|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|638
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.5|9|1|180|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.2.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.3.s.1|24|1|590|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.3.s.2|26|1|2880|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.4.s.1|17|1|3950|alpino_lc|2368
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.4.s.2|24|1|1600|alpino_lc|551
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.4.s.3|28|1|910|alpino_lc|701
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.2|20|1|470|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.4|22|1|2040|alpino_lc|2477
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.5|20|1|890|alpino_lc|706
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.5.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.6.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.6.s.2|32|1|5680|alpino_lc|1046
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.6.s.3|21|1|820|alpino_lc|800
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.1|28|1|380|alpino_lc|183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.2|5|1|210|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.4|33|1|4580|alpino_lc|3523
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.5|8|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.6|13|1|420|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.7.s.7|10|1|430|alpino_lc|272
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.8.s.1|28|1|11100|alpino_lc|1183
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.1|42|1|30710|alpino_lc|52247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.2|42|1|4280|alpino_lc|5319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.3|15|1|500|alpino_lc|394
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.5|18|1|460|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.9.s.6|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.10.s.1|27|1|6510|alpino_lc|1552
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.1|32|1|1680|alpino_lc|1425
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.3|11|1|250|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.4|28|1|1230|alpino_lc|1574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.5|14|1|450|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.11.s.6|29|1|3870|alpino_lc|1863
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.1|25|1|4970|alpino_lc|2942
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.2|14|1|510|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.3|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|658
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.4|23|1|860|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.12.s.5|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.1|12|1|1600|alpino_lc|874
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.2|13|1|120|alpino_lc|102
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|277
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.4|40|1|40540|alpino_lc|9712
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.13.s.5|37|1|4200|alpino_lc|1424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.1|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.2|17|1|1360|alpino_lc|1193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.14.s.3|21|1|1770|alpino_lc|1007
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.15.s.1|36|1|6330|alpino_lc|4393
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.16.s.1|24|1|1770|alpino_lc|1370
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.16.s.2|17|1|1090|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.17.s.1|40|1|9150|alpino_lc|3107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.1|16|1|410|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|622
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.3|21|1|1840|alpino_lc|773
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.18.s.4|19|1|990|alpino_lc|683
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.2|16|1|10650|alpino_lc|5570
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000048.p.19.s.4|13|1|250|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.2|26|1|1390|alpino_lc|475
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.3|16|1|370|alpino_lc|518
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000049.p.1.s.4|22|1|2670|alpino_lc|958
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.1.s.1|30|1|1540|alpino_lc|1020
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.1.s.2|30|1|7350|alpino_lc|2783
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.1.s.3|30|1|5890|alpino_lc|2301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.2.s.1|29|1|1040|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.2.s.2|13|1|620|alpino_lc|633
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.1|19|1|770|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.2|24|1|2440|alpino_lc|1184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.3|27|1|3730|alpino_lc|1829
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.4|29|1|970|alpino_lc|761
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.5|11|1|1070|alpino_lc|873
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.3.s.6|39|1|2300|alpino_lc|859
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.4.s.1|28|1|2430|alpino_lc|762
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.4.s.2|46|1|3480|alpino_lc|2377
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000050.p.4.s.3|18|1|300|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000051.p.1.s.1|25|1|1260|alpino_lc|384
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000051.p.1.s.2|27|1|7100|alpino_lc|2302
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000051.p.1.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.2|14|1|530|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.3|19|1|460|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000052.p.1.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|117
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.2|11|1|650|alpino_lc|402
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.3|20|1|1150|alpino_lc|453
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.1.s.4|17|1|3430|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.2.s.1|24|1|1870|alpino_lc|1997
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.2.s.2|30|1|7960|alpino_lc|4726
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.2.s.3|11|1|1070|alpino_lc|657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.3.s.1|27|1|1520|alpino_lc|1105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.3.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.3.s.3|20|1|570|alpino_lc|313
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.1|11|1|310|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.2|18|1|430|alpino_lc|326
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.4.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.5.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.5.s.2|26|1|1710|alpino_lc|499
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.5.s.3|23|1|1610|alpino_lc|696
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.6.s.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.6.s.2|16|1|1250|alpino_lc|975
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.1|9|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.2|23|1|1800|alpino_lc|1555
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000053.p.7.s.3|18|1|890|alpino_lc|695
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.2|17|1|430|alpino_lc|266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.3|25|1|2000|alpino_lc|1514
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.4|8|1|120|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.1.s.5|17|1|800|alpino_lc|979
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.1|16|1|970|alpino_lc|667
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.2|24|1|2270|alpino_lc|1957
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.2.s.4|18|1|17530|alpino_lc|2754
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.2|5|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.3|11|1|890|alpino_lc|633
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.4|11|1|610|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.3.s.5|21|1|830|alpino_lc|334
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.1|23|1|2160|alpino_lc|1606
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.2|21|1|650|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.3|8|1|270|alpino_lc|85
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.4.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|45
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.5.s.1|26|1|13440|alpino_lc|2513
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.5.s.2|18|1|650|alpino_lc|197
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000054.p.5.s.3|9|1|2080|alpino_lc|467
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.1.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.1.s.2|28|1|3680|alpino_lc|2617
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.2.s.1|36|1|23340|alpino_lc|5220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|749
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.3|28|1|5300|alpino_lc|3025
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.4|43|1|18460|alpino_lc|10057
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.3.s.6|38|1|2990|alpino_lc|1177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.2|14|1|310|alpino_lc|201
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.3.1|29|1|2230|alpino_lc|1055
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.3.2|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|811
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.4.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.2|20|1|310|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.3|8|1|120|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000055.p.5.s.4|21|1|1420|alpino_lc|678
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.1|16|1|710|alpino_lc|460
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.3|9|1|330|alpino_lc|41
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.1.s.4|15|1|450|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.2|12|1|260|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.4|16|1|1620|alpino_lc|1910
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.2.s.5|4|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.2|12|1|540|alpino_lc|328
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.3|20|1|26860|alpino_lc|597
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.3.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.1|25|1|4140|alpino_lc|3603
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.3|10|1|190|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.4|11|1|730|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.5|17|1|480|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.6|16|1|1230|alpino_lc|1021
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.4.s.7|21|1|640|alpino_lc|242
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.1|35|1|14160|alpino_lc|5021
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.2|16|1|360|alpino_lc|229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.3|28|1|13330|alpino_lc|3208
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.5.s.4|13|1|450|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.6.s.1|25|1|1560|alpino_lc|479
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.6.s.2|26|1|980|alpino_lc|336
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.7.s.1|14|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.7.s.2|28|1|780|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.7.s.3|16|1|320|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.8.s.1|47|1|15630|alpino_lc|12765
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.9.s.1|18|1|1410|alpino_lc|840
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.10.s.1|21|1|1530|alpino_lc|1502
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.10.s.2|27|1|9070|alpino_lc|6754
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.10.s.3|36|1|11460|alpino_lc|3690
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.11.s.1|15|1|700|alpino_lc|445
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.11.s.2|28|1|650|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.12.s.1|19|1|870|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.12.s.2|18|1|660|alpino_lc|406
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000056.p.12.s.3|39|1|2370|alpino_lc|1510
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.2|15|1|770|alpino_lc|790
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.3|7|1|230|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.4|17|1|1480|alpino_lc|629
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000057.p.1.s.5|22|1|450|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.2|15|1|830|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.3|17|1|510|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.1.s.4|25|1|1410|alpino_lc|2542
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.2.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|244
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.2.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.2.s.3|29|1|1580|alpino_lc|1211
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.1|22|1|1070|alpino_lc|318
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.3|19|1|880|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.4|12|1|250|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.3.s.5|25|1|2880|alpino_lc|2468
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.4.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|69
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.4.s.2|62|1|123390|alpino_lc|16700
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.1|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|753
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.2|19|1|510|alpino_lc|375
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.5.s.3|14|1|1350|alpino_lc|1674
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.6.s.1|13|1|590|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.6.s.2|26|1|4120|alpino_lc|1306
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.1|15|1|230|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.2|24|1|790|alpino_lc|681
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.3|27|1|2560|alpino_lc|2081
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.7.s.4|18|1|920|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.8.s.1|15|1|4800|alpino_lc|5221
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.8.s.2|40|1|11130|alpino_lc|3966
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.1|17|1|450|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.2|13|1|610|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.3|25|1|640|alpino_lc|502
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000058.p.9.s.4|17|1|630|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.1|9|1|540|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.2|17|1|760|alpino_lc|438
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.3.s.3|15|1|520|alpino_lc|314
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.1|21|1|400|alpino_lc|261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.4.s.3|25|1|740|alpino_lc|424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.1|23|1|15660|alpino_lc|5445
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.6.s.3|23|1|1590|alpino_lc|1164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.2|16|1|5690|alpino_lc|4656
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.7.s.3|25|1|17400|alpino_lc|11871
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.8.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.9.s.1|18|1|780|alpino_lc|489
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.9.s.2|14|1|960|alpino_lc|476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.9.s.3|29|1|2920|alpino_lc|1452
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.10.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|73
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.2|13|1|570|alpino_lc|296
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.3|8|1|370|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.11.s.4|39|1|4490|alpino_lc|1523
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.12.s.1|16|1|570|alpino_lc|598
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.12.s.2|15|1|170|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.13.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.1|25|1|13520|alpino_lc|4818
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.2|10|1|530|alpino_lc|381
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.3|7|1|290|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.14.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.1|29|1|7410|alpino_lc|1344
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.2|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|1724
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.3|12|1|140|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.4|34|1|4450|alpino_lc|4494
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.5|13|1|240|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.15.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.16.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.16.s.2|26|1|1850|alpino_lc|1720
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.16.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.17.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.17.s.2|15|1|440|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.17.s.3|35|1|13130|alpino_lc|6497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.18.s.1|18|1|5100|alpino_lc|3722
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.18.s.2|29|1|3170|alpino_lc|846
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000059.p.18.s.3|22|1|430|alpino_lc|167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.2|16|1|300|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.3|16|1|2090|alpino_lc|1115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.4|21|1|6020|alpino_lc|10164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000060.p.1.s.5|13|1|340|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.1.s.2|22|1|2470|alpino_lc|1835
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.2.s.1|19|1|500|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.2.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.1|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|679
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.2|28|1|2230|alpino_lc|1469
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.3|16|1|790|alpino_lc|394
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.3.s.4|13|1|400|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.1|25|1|600|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.3|12|1|580|alpino_lc|182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.4|12|1|560|alpino_lc|307
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.4.s.5|10|1|230|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.1|22|1|1100|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|765
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.3|17|1|610|alpino_lc|198
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.5.s.4|20|1|2680|alpino_lc|1946
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.1|20|1|600|alpino_lc|344
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.2|25|1|2160|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.3|16|1|230|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.6.s.4|15|1|330|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000061.p.7.s.1|18|1|3920|alpino_lc|6319
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.2|20|1|760|alpino_lc|226
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.1.s.3|12|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.3|13|1|570|alpino_lc|293
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.2.s.4|16|1|990|alpino_lc|564
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.3.s.1|59|1|43640|alpino_lc|4323
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.3.s.2|36|1|990|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.1|50|1|20620|alpino_lc|10301
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.3|21|1|540|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.4.s.4|26|1|1590|alpino_lc|437
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.2|24|1|640|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.5.s.3|12|1|570|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.1|19|1|1670|alpino_lc|636
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.2|16|1|1850|alpino_lc|2236
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.3|15|1|180|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.4|24|1|1010|alpino_lc|478
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.5|7|1|240|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.6.s.6|22|1|600|alpino_lc|348
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.7.s.1|11|1|670|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.7.s.2|20|1|790|alpino_lc|512
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.8.s.1|19|1|1700|alpino_lc|1237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.8.s.2|26|1|1550|alpino_lc|859
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.9.s.1|26|1|1740|alpino_lc|1371
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.1|24|1|8300|alpino_lc|8094
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.3|21|1|3590|alpino_lc|3131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.4|11|1|240|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.10.s.5|21|1|1440|alpino_lc|1297
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.11.s.1|23|1|1520|alpino_lc|1321
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000062.p.12.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.2|19|1|10410|alpino_lc|4134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.6|14|1|490|alpino_lc|177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.7|6|1|190|alpino_lc|176
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.8|8|1|700|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.9|8|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.10|11|1|290|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000063.p.1.s.11|10|1|330|alpino_lc|215
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|144
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.1.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.3|17|1|380|alpino_lc|271
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.2.s.4|13|1|600|alpino_lc|914
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.3.s.1|37|1|12620|alpino_lc|3363
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.3.s.2|11|1|530|alpino_lc|416
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.3.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.1|19|1|600|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.2|18|1|770|alpino_lc|993
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.3|35|1|9430|alpino_lc|4178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.4.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.2|31|1|1010|alpino_lc|403
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.3|23|1|3620|alpino_lc|881
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.5.s.4|20|1|1540|alpino_lc|1893
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.1|21|1|4190|alpino_lc|4550
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.2|13|1|710|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|56
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.6.s.6|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|1100
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.1|13|1|260|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.3|16|1|350|alpino_lc|151
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.4|18|1|360|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|156
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.6|18|1|1970|alpino_lc|3672
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.7|20|1|530|alpino_lc|784
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.8|10|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.7.s.9|5|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.1|11|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.2|21|1|5190|alpino_lc|1103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|67
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.4|5|1|60|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.5|23|1|1180|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.8.s.6|12|1|1860|alpino_lc|731
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.3|9|1|220|alpino_lc|163
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.4|16|1|690|alpino_lc|395
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.5|18|1|310|alpino_lc|135
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.6|14|1|700|alpino_lc|779
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.9.s.7|18|1|160|alpino_lc|70
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.2|22|1|2180|alpino_lc|908
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.3|21|1|1560|alpino_lc|463
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.4|25|1|1210|alpino_lc|426
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.5|25|1|560|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.6|14|1|510|alpino_lc|916
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.7|15|1|340|alpino_lc|371
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.10.s.8|15|1|250|alpino_lc|188
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.11.s.1|31|1|2690|alpino_lc|2447
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.11.s.2|5|1|100|alpino_lc|58
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.11.s.3|23|1|7680|alpino_lc|19621
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.1|25|1|7090|alpino_lc|3980
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.12.s.3|17|1|1240|alpino_lc|1088
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.3|18|1|380|alpino_lc|251
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.4|15|1|2640|alpino_lc|1656
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.5|13|1|750|alpino_lc|598
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.13.s.6|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|903
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.1|14|1|490|alpino_lc|330
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|126
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.4|12|1|400|alpino_lc|152
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.5|24|1|1250|alpino_lc|891
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.14.s.7|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|1532
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.2|20|1|590|alpino_lc|1091
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.3|22|1|580|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.4|7|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.5|14|1|1110|alpino_lc|589
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.6|5|1|190|alpino_lc|22
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000064.p.15.s.7|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|1311
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.1|9|1|420|alpino_lc|399
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.2|16|1|700|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|308
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.4|17|1|2200|alpino_lc|2600
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.5|13|1|860|alpino_lc|778
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.6|18|1|4400|alpino_lc|5113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.7|8|1|220|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.8|16|1|450|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.9|15|1|960|alpino_lc|1143
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.1.s.10|26|1|1160|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.1|16|1|4610|alpino_lc|3229
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.2|19|1|540|alpino_lc|543
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.3|20|1|1100|alpino_lc|919
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.2.s.4|14|1|430|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.1|21|1|4190|alpino_lc|383
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.2.1|25|1|5810|alpino_lc|3508
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.2.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.3|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|1075
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.4|17|1|450|alpino_lc|224
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.6|15|1|660|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.2|11|1|550|alpino_lc|415
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.7.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|119
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.3.s.8|28|1|800|alpino_lc|322
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000065.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.1.s.2|25|1|16970|alpino_lc|16365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.2.s.1|13|1|460|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.2.s.2|16|1|480|alpino_lc|237
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|269
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.2|25|1|1970|alpino_lc|1492
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.3.s.3|11|1|210|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.1|19|1|2060|alpino_lc|1266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.2|23|1|12000|alpino_lc|5590
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.3|18|1|4680|alpino_lc|2825
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000066.p.4.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.2|10|1|590|alpino_lc|194
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.3|21|1|730|alpino_lc|354
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|87
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000067.p.1.s.5|9|1|370|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.1.s.2|19|1|920|alpino_lc|582
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.1|8|1|160|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.4|12|1|250|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.5|18|1|610|alpino_lc|546
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.2.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|33
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.1|17|1|1390|alpino_lc|572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.2|18|1|1590|alpino_lc|1404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.4|16|1|300|alpino_lc|99
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.5|18|1|1290|alpino_lc|806
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.3.s.6|28|1|1290|alpino_lc|550
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.2|22|1|650|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.4.s.4|17|1|420|alpino_lc|121
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.1|23|1|3390|alpino_lc|2485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.3|12|1|410|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.5.s.4|29|1|1490|alpino_lc|493
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.1|25|1|2360|alpino_lc|881
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.2|20|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.6.s.3|22|1|7310|alpino_lc|7573
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.1|14|1|970|alpino_lc|436
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.2|10|1|260|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000068.p.7.s.3|24|1|750|alpino_lc|808
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.2|23|1|900|alpino_lc|439
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.1.s.3|20|1|3100|alpino_lc|1866
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.2.s.1|28|1|1600|alpino_lc|1262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.2.s.2|25|1|800|alpino_lc|390
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.2.s.3|28|1|2890|alpino_lc|1799
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.2|16|1|1410|alpino_lc|787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.3.s.3|23|1|1040|alpino_lc|254
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.1|20|1|4470|alpino_lc|1367
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.2|28|1|600|alpino_lc|242
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.3|29|1|7640|alpino_lc|3673
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.4|14|1|1080|alpino_lc|432
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.4.s.5|19|1|900|alpino_lc|613
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.5.s.1|31|1|2820|alpino_lc|1458
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.5.s.2|12|1|460|alpino_lc|335
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.5.s.3|63|1|252860|alpino_lc|37692
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.1|21|1|780|alpino_lc|828
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.3|15|1|880|alpino_lc|591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.4|20|1|2740|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.5|8|1|170|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.6|13|1|600|alpino_lc|578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.7|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|558
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.8|21|1|7090|alpino_lc|3558
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.9|20|1|880|alpino_lc|385
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.6.s.10|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|901
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.1|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|427
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.2|14|1|5990|alpino_lc|3390
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.3|18|1|1890|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.4|9|1|250|alpino_lc|147
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.5|40|1|1710|alpino_lc|725
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.6|17|1|810|alpino_lc|410
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.7|8|1|510|alpino_lc|371
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.8|18|1|2130|alpino_lc|1686
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.7.s.9|10|1|280|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.8.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000069.p.9.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.1.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.1.s.2|27|1|820|alpino_lc|206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.1.s.3|10|1|370|alpino_lc|360
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.2.s.1|21|1|540|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.1|24|1|6230|alpino_lc|3122
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.2|18|1|690|alpino_lc|472
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.3|13|1|720|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.3.s.4|8|1|390|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.4.s.1|15|1|680|alpino_lc|431
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.4.s.2|18|1|14390|alpino_lc|9787
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.5.s.1|30|1|10940|alpino_lc|8797
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.5.s.2|19|1|1230|alpino_lc|842
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.6.s.1|22|1|6510|alpino_lc|3420
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000070.p.6.s.2|22|1|2340|alpino_lc|982
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.1|10|1|320|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.2|22|1|2570|alpino_lc|2572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.3|21|1|460|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.1.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.1|16|1|320|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.3|32|1|6890|alpino_lc|4872
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.2.s.4|15|1|370|alpino_lc|220
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.3.s.1|25|1|830|alpino_lc|560
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.3.s.2|19|1|1200|alpino_lc|1066
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.1|23|1|1450|alpino_lc|1756
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|172
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.4.s.4|16|1|490|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.6.s.1|50|1|17270|alpino_lc|3879
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.2|10|1|320|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.3|23|1|1170|alpino_lc|889
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.7.s.4|21|1|1880|alpino_lc|1588
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.8.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|208
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.8.s.2|24|1|11070|alpino_lc|2690
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000071.p.9.s.1|23|1|8060|alpino_lc|2712
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.2|12|1|900|alpino_lc|346
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.3|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|1011
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.4|8|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.5|9|1|160|alpino_lc|108
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000072.p.1.s.7|11|1|780|alpino_lc|733
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.1.s.2|15|1|380|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|323
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.2|28|1|2660|alpino_lc|944
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.3|14|1|350|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.2.s.4|24|1|1580|alpino_lc|280
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.1|18|1|1380|alpino_lc|1216
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.3.s.3|19|1|1230|alpino_lc|724
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.1|18|1|750|alpino_lc|275
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.2|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|2096
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.4|15|1|430|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.4.s.5|13|1|840|alpino_lc|422
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.1|18|1|450|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|112
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.3|12|1|350|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.5.s.4|17|1|350|alpino_lc|261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.6.s.3|17|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.2|25|1|510|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.3|23|1|2420|alpino_lc|2105
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.4|25|1|2660|alpino_lc|1064
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.5|15|1|1780|alpino_lc|1744
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.6|23|1|7520|alpino_lc|5734
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.7|8|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.8|13|1|610|alpino_lc|407
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000073.p.7.s.9|12|1|1150|alpino_lc|3984
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.1.s.2|33|1|5170|alpino_lc|3324
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.1.s.3|15|1|780|alpino_lc|742
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.3|14|1|2110|alpino_lc|2404
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.2.s.4|31|1|16420|alpino_lc|5721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.3.s.1|20|1|330|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000074.p.3.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.4|16|1|230|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000075.p.1.s.5|23|1|3300|alpino_lc|1182
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.2|20|1|450|alpino_lc|414
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.3|9|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.4|10|1|210|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.5|5|1|180|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.7|12|1|220|alpino_lc|103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.1.s.8|12|1|1010|alpino_lc|1354
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.1|35|1|3090|alpino_lc|1348
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.2|16|1|1440|alpino_lc|574
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.3|15|1|130|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.2.s.5|36|1|960|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.1|20|1|1490|alpino_lc|1241
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|107
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.4|31|1|15120|alpino_lc|5131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.5|32|1|1550|alpino_lc|468
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.3.s.6|32|1|1370|alpino_lc|1599
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.2|13|1|360|alpino_lc|219
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.3|20|1|490|alpino_lc|168
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.4|22|1|1920|alpino_lc|694
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.5|17|1|670|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.6|13|1|1380|alpino_lc|508
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.7|16|1|320|alpino_lc|162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.4.s.8|10|1|770|alpino_lc|557
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.1|16|1|270|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.2|15|1|540|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.3|15|1|770|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.4|22|1|2130|alpino_lc|1203
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.5.s.5|24|1|2440|alpino_lc|948
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|247
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.2|14|1|670|alpino_lc|699
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.3|21|1|1300|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.4|19|1|890|alpino_lc|794
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.5|10|1|500|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.6|16|1|620|alpino_lc|480
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.7|15|1|530|alpino_lc|525
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.6.s.8|15|1|1710|alpino_lc|1480
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.7.s.1|13|1|1520|alpino_lc|795
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000076.p.7.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.1.s.1|34|1|2500|alpino_lc|906
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.1.s.2|13|1|310|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.2.s.1|40|1|2210|alpino_lc|1074
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.3.s.1|33|1|1510|alpino_lc|676
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.3.s.2|24|1|1500|alpino_lc|2386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.1|25|1|1910|alpino_lc|743
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.2|18|1|250|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.3|31|1|2300|alpino_lc|2305
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.4.s.4|14|1|300|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.1|16|1|1160|alpino_lc|490
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.2|17|1|960|alpino_lc|199
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.3|17|1|580|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.5.s.4|32|1|1030|alpino_lc|637
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.1|27|1|540|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.2|17|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.3|33|1|50670|alpino_lc|68341
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.4|36|1|1970|alpino_lc|1266
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.6.s.5|13|1|490|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.1|19|1|4730|alpino_lc|4563
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.2|20|1|1250|alpino_lc|1033
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.3|18|1|290|alpino_lc|170
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.4|13|1|490|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.5|12|1|590|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.7.s.6|31|1|2710|alpino_lc|1950
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.8.s.3|13|1|650|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.9.s.1|31|1|3940|alpino_lc|1048
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.9.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000077.p.9.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.2|28|1|32420|alpino_lc|24012
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.3|23|1|1290|alpino_lc|919
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000078.p.1.s.4|16|1|360|alpino_lc|128
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.2|27|1|1550|alpino_lc|841
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.3|23|1|2090|alpino_lc|674
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.4|8|1|220|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000079.p.1.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.2|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|878
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.3|15|1|1360|alpino_lc|1060
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.4|26|1|2040|alpino_lc|1763
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.5|8|1|320|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000080.p.1.s.6|18|1|810|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.2|26|1|9270|alpino_lc|9057
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.3|19|1|390|alpino_lc|241
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000081.p.1.s.4|23|1|450|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.2|23|1|23520|alpino_lc|11790
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|111
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.5|16|1|970|alpino_lc|570
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000082.p.1.s.6|9|1|580|alpino_lc|259
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.2|22|1|1840|alpino_lc|874
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.3|12|1|230|alpino_lc|161
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.1.s.4|11|1|360|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.2.s.1|15|1|590|alpino_lc|380
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.2.s.2|32|1|30970|alpino_lc|18048
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.3.s.1|9|1|450|alpino_lc|309
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.3.s.2|28|1|2200|alpino_lc|924
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.4.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.4.s.2|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|599
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.5.s.1|25|1|1070|alpino_lc|853
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.5.s.2|8|1|230|alpino_lc|157
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000083.p.5.s.3|28|1|900|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.2|14|1|730|alpino_lc|443
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.3|8|1|510|alpino_lc|184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000084.p.1.s.4|31|1|9860|alpino_lc|5875
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.3|23|1|5050|alpino_lc|2033
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000085.p.1.s.4|14|1|1510|alpino_lc|1139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.3|29|1|1340|alpino_lc|1177
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.5|9|1|170|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.6|15|1|1790|alpino_lc|764
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000086.p.1.s.7|14|1|240|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.2|20|1|630|alpino_lc|548
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.1.s.3|20|1|900|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.1|16|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|115
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.2.s.3|20|1|200|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.3.s.1|19|1|440|alpino_lc|246
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000087.p.3.s.2|7|1|210|alpino_lc|179
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.2|13|1|340|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.3|15|1|4650|alpino_lc|3948
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.4|14|1|810|alpino_lc|568
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.5|19|1|5340|alpino_lc|3630
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.6|17|1|940|alpino_lc|982
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000088.p.1.s.7|15|1|270|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.1.s.2|24|1|1200|alpino_lc|778
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.1.s.3|30|1|1520|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.2.s.1|17|1|1070|alpino_lc|584
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.2.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.1|23|1|3330|alpino_lc|1721
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.2|27|1|11460|alpino_lc|2103
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.3|16|1|330|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.3.s.4|14|1|300|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.1|11|1|1440|alpino_lc|1481
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.2|11|1|760|alpino_lc|530
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.4.s.3|14|1|1270|alpino_lc|657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.5.s.1|12|1|580|alpino_lc|349
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.5.s.2|31|1|1630|alpino_lc|586
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.6.s.1|18|1|4030|alpino_lc|1249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.6.s.2|24|1|700|alpino_lc|312
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.7.s.1|15|1|1140|alpino_lc|1133
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.7.s.2|37|1|23190|alpino_lc|7575
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.8.s.1|39|1|14560|alpino_lc|5071
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.9.s.1|22|1|2960|alpino_lc|1124
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.9.s.2|19|1|630|alpino_lc|362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.10.s.1|38|1|9520|alpino_lc|1333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.10.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.10.s.3|20|1|920|alpino_lc|501
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.1|13|1|650|alpino_lc|324
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.2|13|1|520|alpino_lc|573
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.11.s.4|17|1|630|alpino_lc|373
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.12.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000089.p.12.s.2|15|1|1880|alpino_lc|1295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.1.s.2|21|1|2710|alpino_lc|1911
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.2.s.1|45|1|7570|alpino_lc|841
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.3.s.1|23|1|510|alpino_lc|285
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.4.s.1|23|1|1690|alpino_lc|1503
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.4.s.2|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|900
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.5.s.1|36|1|4390|alpino_lc|2300
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.5.s.2|17|1|870|alpino_lc|612
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000090.p.6.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.2|22|1|310|alpino_lc|240
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.3|12|1|700|alpino_lc|471
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.1.s.4|11|1|160|alpino_lc|82
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000091.p.2.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.1.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|19
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.1.s.3|31|1|2450|alpino_lc|1578
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.2.s.1|28|1|17460|alpino_lc|7688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.2.s.2|28|1|15360|alpino_lc|3938
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.2.s.3|34|1|3350|alpino_lc|1362
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.3.s.1|27|1|1630|alpino_lc|1317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.3.s.2|26|1|3140|alpino_lc|1444
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.4.s.1|26|1|660|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.4.s.2|29|1|5390|alpino_lc|2887
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.4.s.3|44|1|4410|alpino_lc|1715
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.5.s.1|29|1|8980|alpino_lc|10279
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.5.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|181
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.5.s.3|16|1|450|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.6.s.1|28|1|4290|alpino_lc|860
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000092.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.1.s.2|25|1|9750|alpino_lc|2068
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.2.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.2.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|249
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.1|24|1|1210|alpino_lc|657
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.2|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|154
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000093.p.3.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.2|18|1|300|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.1.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.1|15|1|5880|alpino_lc|7740
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.2|19|1|500|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.3|18|1|480|alpino_lc|596
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.2.s.4|11|1|430|alpino_lc|322
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|160
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.3|13|1|350|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.4|20|1|1550|alpino_lc|1589
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.3.s.5|16|1|400|alpino_lc|118
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.4.s.1|34|1|38500|alpino_lc|12355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.5.s.1|13|1|970|alpino_lc|355
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.5.s.2|31|1|2070|alpino_lc|881
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.5.s.3|22|1|570|alpino_lc|498
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.6.s.1|22|1|590|alpino_lc|339
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.6.s.2|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|1032
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.7.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.7.s.2|17|1|2410|alpino_lc|1214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.1|15|1|290|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.2|17|1|540|alpino_lc|290
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.8.s.3|16|1|790|alpino_lc|611
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.1|19|1|400|alpino_lc|155
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.2|18|1|210|alpino_lc|190
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000094.p.9.s.3|10|1|400|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.1.s.1|36|1|21160|alpino_lc|6975
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.1.s.2|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|500
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.1.s.3|12|1|380|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.2.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.2.s.2|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|712
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.2.s.3|58|1|40000|alpino_lc|4372
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|133
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.3.s.5|18|1|1120|alpino_lc|1120
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.1|35|1|4580|alpino_lc|1294
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.3|13|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.4.s.4|31|1|99610|alpino_lc|8531
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.5.s.1|23|1|640|alpino_lc|833
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.5.s.2|37|1|23650|alpino_lc|2270
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.1|12|1|490|alpino_lc|227
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.2|23|1|5100|alpino_lc|333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.6.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.1|21|1|1030|alpino_lc|510
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.3|13|1|410|alpino_lc|256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.5|17|1|470|alpino_lc|123
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.7.s.6|13|1|170|alpino_lc|158
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.1|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|769
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.2|20|1|4940|alpino_lc|2655
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.3|13|1|400|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.4|15|1|240|alpino_lc|134
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.8.s.5|17|1|1010|alpino_lc|494
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.1|20|1|530|alpino_lc|562
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.2|21|1|620|alpino_lc|435
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|75
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|400
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.9.s.5|17|1|330|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.1|18|1|5130|alpino_lc|2333
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.2|47|1|8380|alpino_lc|3871
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.4|32|1|1240|alpino_lc|856
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.5|18|1|430|alpino_lc|316
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.10.s.6|12|1|890|alpino_lc|554
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.1|26|1|1620|alpino_lc|1005
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.2|12|1|250|alpino_lc|36
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.4|9|1|580|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.5|13|1|1290|alpino_lc|813
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.6|24|1|810|alpino_lc|952
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.7|10|1|270|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.11.s.8|14|1|620|alpino_lc|485
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.1|18|1|530|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.2|24|1|1420|alpino_lc|723
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.3|11|1|510|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.4|27|1|1740|alpino_lc|1413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.12.s.5|13|1|420|alpino_lc|423
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.1|17|1|1270|alpino_lc|607
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.2|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|1092
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.3|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|751
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.5|17|1|440|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.13.s.6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.14.s.1|27|1|4850|alpino_lc|2591
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000095.p.15.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|164
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.1.s.3|14|1|220|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.2.s.1|22|1|500|alpino_lc|149
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.2.s.2|13|1|1190|alpino_lc|723
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.1|16|1|3610|alpino_lc|1690
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.2|19|1|600|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|338
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.3.s.4|11|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.4.s.1|16|1|1050|alpino_lc|317
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.5.s.1|19|1|7510|alpino_lc|4935
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000096.p.5.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|189
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.1|42|1|7260|alpino_lc|1685
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.2|20|1|390|alpino_lc|200
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.3|16|1|720|alpino_lc|641
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000097.p.1.s.4|16|1|510|alpino_lc|129
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.1.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|127
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.2.s.1|26|1|17700|alpino_lc|8684
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.1|20|1|1580|alpino_lc|1118
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.2|23|1|8870|alpino_lc|2424
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.3|18|1|800|alpino_lc|311
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.3.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.4.s.1|20|1|10860|alpino_lc|7688
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.4.s.2|21|1|1530|alpino_lc|834
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.1|28|1|5970|alpino_lc|1966
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.2|10|1|250|alpino_lc|253
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.3|18|1|490|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000098.p.5.s.4|12|1|860|alpino_lc|497
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.1.s.1|17|1|7810|alpino_lc|1560
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.1.s.2|20|1|400|alpino_lc|262
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.2|37|1|12910|alpino_lc|5246
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.3|16|1|810|alpino_lc|388
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.4|19|1|450|alpino_lc|204
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.2.s.5|28|1|10530|alpino_lc|3500
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.3.s.1|12|1|1290|alpino_lc|804
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.3.s.2|28|1|3710|alpino_lc|1261
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.3.s.3|19|1|3660|alpino_lc|5014
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.1|15|1|700|alpino_lc|370
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.2|20|1|14580|alpino_lc|9148
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000099.p.4.s.4|14|1|200|alpino_lc|139
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.1.s.1|27|1|1490|alpino_lc|218
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.1.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.1.s.3|11|1|750|alpino_lc|413
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000100.p.2.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|225
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.3|20|1|990|alpino_lc|352
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.4|10|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.5|8|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.6|18|1|950|alpino_lc|255
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.7|11|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000101.p.1.s.8|7|1|200|alpino_lc|193
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.1|22|1|5190|alpino_lc|2085
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.2|14|1|3100|alpino_lc|2499
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000102.p.1.s.3|15|1|500|alpino_lc|341
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.2|25|1|2390|alpino_lc|1348
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.1.s.3|24|1|2740|alpino_lc|983
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.2.s.1|31|1|17040|alpino_lc|7256
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.2.s.2|26|1|1420|alpino_lc|954
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.2.s.3|29|1|4010|alpino_lc|851
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.2.s.4|16|1|550|alpino_lc|299
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.3.s.1|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|993
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.3.s.2|32|1|13310|alpino_lc|7536
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.1|13|1|750|alpino_lc|257
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.2|20|1|820|alpino_lc|378
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.3|34|1|3760|alpino_lc|2048
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.4|15|1|200|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.5|11|1|470|alpino_lc|500
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.4.s.6|17|1|370|alpino_lc|353
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.5.s.1|18|1|9410|alpino_lc|3356
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.5.s.2|23|1|13770|alpino_lc|1668
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.6.s.1|43|1|9420|alpino_lc|4391
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.6.s.2|13|1|930|alpino_lc|687
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.6.s.3|35|1|8040|alpino_lc|2899
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.6.s.4|29|1|19220|alpino_lc|3290
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.7.s.1|31|1|980|alpino_lc|577
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.7.s.2|15|1|990|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000103.p.7.s.3|15|1|270|alpino_lc|166
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.1.s.1|15|1|700|alpino_lc|303
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.1.s.2|21|1|1470|alpino_lc|322
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.2.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|86
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.2.s.2|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|824
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.1|15|1|610|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.2|17|1|750|alpino_lc|202
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000104.p.3.s.3|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.1.s.2|30|1|4080|alpino_lc|2138
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.1|17|1|680|alpino_lc|907
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|292
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.2.s.4|14|1|280|alpino_lc|142
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.1|16|1|2320|alpino_lc|2162
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|479
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.3|15|1|230|alpino_lc|100
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.4|14|1|230|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.5|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.3.s.6|8|1|520|alpino_lc|397
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.1|25|1|5660|alpino_lc|2883
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.4|15|1|340|alpino_lc|217
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.5|16|1|1660|alpino_lc|840
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.4.s.6|13|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.1|25|1|1730|alpino_lc|1184
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|278
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.3|38|1|3500|alpino_lc|2572
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.5.s.4|9|1|240|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|42
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.3|17|1|400|alpino_lc|205
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.4|8|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.6.s.5|20|1|650|alpino_lc|417
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.1|12|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.2|20|1|2320|alpino_lc|1062
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.3|11|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.7.s.4|11|1|170|alpino_lc|29
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.2|14|1|650|alpino_lc|505
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.6|8|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.7|6|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.8.s.8|7|1|190|alpino_lc|89
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.9.s.1|11|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000105.p.10.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.2|21|1|4270|alpino_lc|4026
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.3|18|1|270|alpino_lc|78
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000106.p.1.s.4|18|1|570|alpino_lc|295
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.2|9|1|260|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.3|17|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000107.p.1.s.4|26|1|19910|alpino_lc|16206
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.2.s.3|8|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.3.s.1|29|1|860|alpino_lc|450
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.3.s.2|37|1|22470|alpino_lc|8416
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.3.s.3|19|1|520|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.4.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.5.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.6.s.1|46|1|2520|alpino_lc|1167
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.6.s.2|15|1|290|alpino_lc|131
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.7.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.8.s.3|8|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.9.s.1|28|1|2980|alpino_lc|2476
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.9.s.2|32|1|1730|alpino_lc|881
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.9.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.10.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|23
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.2|12|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.11.s.3|8|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.12.s.1|26|1|860|alpino_lc|321
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.12.s.2|33|1|16040|alpino_lc|6704
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000108.p.13.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.2|18|1|5380|alpino_lc|6032
T#WR-P-P-H-0000000109.p.1.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|132
