cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 28920 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 5870 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 12750 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 7410 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 18150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
T#16|8|1|320|alpino_lc|114
T#20|9|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#21|5|5|380|alpino_lc|60
T#22|10|12|1370|alpino_lc|344
T#35|6|4|190|alpino_lc|69
T#38|5|4|320|alpino_lc|47
T#39|7|11|890|alpino_lc|193
T#40|7|2|890|alpino_lc|231
T#41|5|7|470|alpino_lc|46
T#46|6|3|250|alpino_lc|57
T#48|5|2|90|alpino_lc|16
T#65|8|19|1890|alpino_lc|267
T#78|12|476|6240|alpino_lc|660
T#85|9|48|1740|alpino_lc|532
T#86|7|4|1720|alpino_lc|376
T#87|9|872|28920|alpino_lc|8077
T#100|9|6|860|alpino_lc|293
T#100meter|5|9|460|alpino_lc|113
T#100meterhoog|6|23|840|alpino_lc|224
T#145|5|1|120|alpino_lc|68
T#146|3|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#153|10|48|1680|alpino_lc|499
T#155|10|7|1720|alpino_lc|504
T#159|12|35|5870|alpino_lc|1778
T#179|12|53|6170|alpino_lc|919
T#180|6|28|500|alpino_lc|121
T#181|5|18|400|alpino_lc|79
T#182|7|26|1780|alpino_lc|307
T#205|5|2|110|alpino_lc|14
T#213|9|8|1130|alpino_lc|158
T#245|7|20|5140|alpino_lc|450
T#271|5|5|400|alpino_lc|67
T#273|8|6|560|alpino_lc|117
T#279|11|12|940|alpino_lc|128
T#290|4|4|110|alpino_lc|13
T#309|4|2|180|alpino_lc|22
T#322|8|10|920|alpino_lc|88
T#350|2|2|80|alpino_lc|4
T#351|4|3|170|alpino_lc|18
T#353|5|4|180|alpino_lc|15
T#358|7|24|910|alpino_lc|161
T#363|9|3|880|alpino_lc|347
T#381|6|5|660|alpino_lc|156
T#396|8|17|3800|alpino_lc|541
T#409|13|6|340|alpino_lc|51
T#410|5|6|480|alpino_lc|138
T#757|5|4|130|alpino_lc|35
T#814|12|13|5180|alpino_lc|2432
T#Twent|12|24|860|alpino_lc|393
T#aandestok|9|13|1300|alpino_lc|418
T#aangewaaid|5|1|220|alpino_lc|25
T#aanhet|5|4|1080|alpino_lc|104
T#aanhetrekenen|5|3|1150|alpino_lc|129
T#aanleunen|6|1|410|alpino_lc|58
T#aanwezigenwaaronder|9|2|300|alpino_lc|43
T#adhoc|4|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#aldoende|4|3|270|alpino_lc|28
T#aldusstelt|10|5|660|alpino_lc|297
T#aliama|8|2|280|alpino_lc|60
T#alshetware|7|20|300|alpino_lc|97
T#alsjewint1|6|2|390|alpino_lc|86
T#alsjewint2|7|3|410|alpino_lc|92
T#alsvolgt|5|2|380|alpino_lc|41
T#alswarehet|7|4|350|alpino_lc|75
T#alswas|7|18|450|alpino_lc|133
T#alte|3|5|60|alpino_lc|6
T#apriori|7|2|1050|alpino_lc|221
T#bangbenikniet|6|12|490|alpino_lc|222
T#bangvoor|6|17|1100|alpino_lc|358
T#betalingen|3|4|80|alpino_lc|10
T#bijnanooit|2|2|10|alpino_lc|3
T#boekofzes|4|5|160|alpino_lc|22
T#boodschappendoen|4|4|760|alpino_lc|50
T#c6940|4|21|1500|alpino_lc|178
T#cdb2974|10|177|3410|alpino_lc|195
T#cleft|7|2|1020|alpino_lc|259
T#cleft2|6|3|1930|alpino_lc|215
T#denkeraandat|9|20|3740|alpino_lc|777
T#deste|10|5|600|alpino_lc|195
T#devraagis|6|4|740|alpino_lc|67
T#diehem|6|3|300|alpino_lc|55
T#diehij|6|7|320|alpino_lc|61
T#dientgezegd|6|1|270|alpino_lc|56
T#dmeisjes|8|2|400|alpino_lc|84
T#dolsteop|7|16|470|alpino_lc|41
T#driekeerzo|4|4|220|alpino_lc|46
T#driepuntenbetere|8|5|860|alpino_lc|104
T#duifdood|10|8|1050|alpino_lc|237
T#dwongom|6|3|820|alpino_lc|91
T#eenwonder|8|30|1660|alpino_lc|374
T#eenwonder2|8|6|680|alpino_lc|117
T#eenwonder3|9|28|1190|alpino_lc|337
T#eerste-voorbeeld-b|6|8|960|alpino_lc|200
T#eerste-voorbeeld|6|8|990|alpino_lc|200
T#enmaar|13|24|3440|alpino_lc|448
T#enof|7|2|210|alpino_lc|37
T#enz|10|45|1550|alpino_lc|116
T#eraan|7|20|1550|alpino_lc|307
T#eredivisie|8|10|390|alpino_lc|64
T#erzijner|8|52|4430|alpino_lc|1139
T#fietsvoordefabriek|7|30|840|alpino_lc|206
T#flessenbier|4|2|210|alpino_lc|30
T#fraude|5|4|420|alpino_lc|72
T#fraude2|7|1|510|alpino_lc|55
T#g361|7|10|1400|alpino_lc|258
T#g436|7|6|510|alpino_lc|68
T#g531|5|4|140|alpino_lc|35
T#g687|5|5|740|alpino_lc|48
T#geefaan|6|51|4200|alpino_lc|546
T#geledendat|9|74|7160|alpino_lc|1516
T#gelijkwelke|4|3|240|alpino_lc|25
T#genoeg|5|30|740|alpino_lc|123
T#geregelddemonstraties|8|6|1360|alpino_lc|536
T#gevaarlijk|7|11|1190|alpino_lc|239
T#gevaarlijk2|8|6|2040|alpino_lc|318
T#goedvinden|6|12|2000|alpino_lc|294
T#h343|7|5|240|alpino_lc|61
T#hebjer|9|43|3920|alpino_lc|1258
T#hebterwier|8|21|1440|alpino_lc|291
T#hetdikkereboek|8|20|1870|alpino_lc|412
T#hetisdevraag|6|3|740|alpino_lc|112
T#hetmeestgefrustreerd|5|4|130|alpino_lc|29
T#hetschurkenzijn|4|1|570|alpino_lc|35
T#hetverst|5|8|460|alpino_lc|79
T#hetwaardom|9|52|12750|alpino_lc|1161
T#hetzijnschurken|3|1|570|alpino_lc|45
T#hierinamsterdam|3|3|110|alpino_lc|26
T#hijvertrok|6|1|140|alpino_lc|19
T#hijvertrok2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#hijwashet|3|1|220|alpino_lc|27
T#hoelanger|8|12|2250|alpino_lc|487
T#hoemeerhoe|11|66|3920|alpino_lc|836
T#hoetevinden|7|21|470|alpino_lc|64
T#houdvoor|5|11|590|alpino_lc|153
T#huistuin|6|4|250|alpino_lc|39
T#i62|6|4|360|alpino_lc|38
T#i68|10|80|4170|alpino_lc|355
T#ikkomniet|4|2|180|alpino_lc|14
T#inconflictmet|7|11|1230|alpino_lc|169
T#indekaart|7|9|1790|alpino_lc|343
T#inschenkenvooru|8|26|3520|alpino_lc|767
T#inwelkgeval|7|17|2490|alpino_lc|577
T#isgearriveerd|5|18|1220|alpino_lc|258
T#iszoalsis|5|2|330|alpino_lc|49
T#janzijn|5|2|1710|alpino_lc|141
T#je-zal-wel-moe-zijn|5|6|980|alpino_lc|98
T#jehebtwie|5|2|310|alpino_lc|45
T#kaas|9|19|3160|alpino_lc|776
T#kadogehad|7|1|1170|alpino_lc|54
T#kadootjeskopen|4|1|320|alpino_lc|40
T#komtlatertoch|7|8|170|alpino_lc|60
T#komtmedeneusuit|6|1|390|alpino_lc|75
T#kougezet|7|9|910|alpino_lc|279
T#laatstaandat|10|15|2130|alpino_lc|260
T#latenhoren|7|6|1910|alpino_lc|342
T#latenmerken|8|1|1270|alpino_lc|139
T#latenraden|7|8|1080|alpino_lc|214
T#latenzien|7|9|2280|alpino_lc|285
T#linkervoet|7|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#makkie|3|2|90|alpino_lc|14
T#mannenenvrouwen|3|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#meerdan1|8|106|2660|alpino_lc|350
T#meerdanvoortreffelijke|5|2|200|alpino_lc|24
T#meeruptodate|8|19|760|alpino_lc|221
T#metwiewist|5|2|130|alpino_lc|44
T#mijlatenhelpen|7|8|2550|alpino_lc|192
T#moetenzal|7|2|1400|alpino_lc|108
T#naarik|7|1|450|alpino_lc|102
T#nescio|4|2|160|alpino_lc|14
T#nietdom|5|10|340|alpino_lc|136
T#nietjokken|7|9|1050|alpino_lc|300
T#nietstemaken|7|13|2050|alpino_lc|162
T#ofofof|9|31|1360|alpino_lc|145
T#olv|5|3|160|alpino_lc|22
T#omaanterugtedenken|9|15|4420|alpino_lc|952
T#omdat|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#omdatje|10|28|880|alpino_lc|290
T#omlief|6|9|730|alpino_lc|114
T#on1|8|2|3460|alpino_lc|371
T#on2|6|1|270|alpino_lc|69
T#on3|3|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#on4|4|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#on5|6|5|520|alpino_lc|56
T#on6|6|2|610|alpino_lc|98
T#on7|4|2|360|alpino_lc|72
T#onstoegewijd|7|40|1120|alpino_lc|127
T#ontvallen|7|7|2530|alpino_lc|184
T#opgrondvan|6|36|1260|alpino_lc|83
T#ophaar|4|9|340|alpino_lc|55
T#opstervenliggen|6|6|450|alpino_lc|84
T#opwierekenen|9|88|3890|alpino_lc|423
T#overalwaar|4|2|160|alpino_lc|24
T#paseendagvoorkerstmis|8|24|7410|alpino_lc|1039
T#pausteeten|7|2|900|alpino_lc|62
T#pietenklaas|9|68|1180|alpino_lc|91
T#plantenenbloemen|5|6|180|alpino_lc|29
T#probeerdeom|7|12|840|alpino_lc|157
T#probeervoortelezen|8|6|380|alpino_lc|83
T#problemengesteld|10|39|3670|alpino_lc|828
T#qer|5|2|160|alpino_lc|24
T#rechtszaken|12|4|780|alpino_lc|96
T#reusachtige|7|2|260|alpino_lc|46
T#schaak|19|63|2450|alpino_lc|335
T#schreefopnaam|7|15|2870|alpino_lc|544
T#sommigevrouwen|4|2|90|alpino_lc|20
T#staatopomvallen|6|4|690|alpino_lc|93
T#statrappelen|7|6|410|alpino_lc|50
T#strengeroptreden|8|2|630|alpino_lc|199
T#stukofwat|8|6|480|alpino_lc|65
T#stukofzes|8|5|410|alpino_lc|61
T#surprise|5|2|370|alpino_lc|50
T#tebillijken|8|1|420|alpino_lc|91
T#tegenspoed|5|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#tejong|10|25|1600|alpino_lc|240
T#tejong2|12|98|3240|alpino_lc|579
T#tekennengeven|8|1|970|alpino_lc|150
T#telaat|4|10|220|alpino_lc|19
T#telaatistelaat|5|2|460|alpino_lc|51
T#temissen|5|1|90|alpino_lc|6
T#tentonele|5|2|200|alpino_lc|28
T#terugnaarhuis|8|119|3210|alpino_lc|546
T#testaankomen|9|3|1350|alpino_lc|233
T#tienjaarterug|3|5|170|alpino_lc|24
T#toegespeeld|5|4|290|alpino_lc|46
T#tweejaarnadat|5|2|70|alpino_lc|9
T#tweemeterlange|5|4|250|alpino_lc|36
T#tweemeterte|4|8|180|alpino_lc|23
T#tweemeterteom|7|32|940|alpino_lc|116
T#uit|4|7|790|alpino_lc|62
T#uitbedelen|6|12|1090|alpino_lc|212
T#uitblijven|7|1|340|alpino_lc|68
T#uitrijdenwillen|5|7|1720|alpino_lc|282
T#uitteleggen|7|7|2260|alpino_lc|219
T#uittevoeren|7|23|2350|alpino_lc|307
T#uurofelf|7|18|550|alpino_lc|102
T#uurofelf2|6|12|450|alpino_lc|59
T#valtteontkennen|8|1|420|alpino_lc|62
T#vandaaghebgeslapen|5|1|160|alpino_lc|9
T#vandie|9|49|3360|alpino_lc|871
T#vanwel|4|6|210|alpino_lc|62
T#vaststaat|4|1|130|alpino_lc|8
T#verbaastmedat|9|2|490|alpino_lc|199
T#verhelpen|7|1|330|alpino_lc|62
T#verklaarde|8|10|1200|alpino_lc|484
T#verlaat|7|3|540|alpino_lc|122
T#vermoeddedat|7|1|630|alpino_lc|75
T#verteldedat|7|10|840|alpino_lc|308
T#vietnam1|8|26|1330|alpino_lc|247
T#vietnam2|8|26|1250|alpino_lc|247
T#vindkunnen|8|7|610|alpino_lc|164
T#vindtleukdat|7|1|330|alpino_lc|103
T#vlakvoor|4|6|170|alpino_lc|17
T#vlakvoordat|4|3|70|alpino_lc|6
T#vlucht|5|2|160|alpino_lc|35
T#voelaangesproken|7|8|560|alpino_lc|138
T#voelaankomen|6|1|330|alpino_lc|59
T#vooreenfortuin|6|36|1480|alpino_lc|231
T#vooreenfortuinaan|7|54|1970|alpino_lc|415
T#voorheteten|11|4|450|alpino_lc|108
T#voorhetgeval|7|2|260|alpino_lc|41
T#voorofna|5|2|310|alpino_lc|59
T#voorzitterai|6|2|170|alpino_lc|28
T#vraagwaarom|6|3|850|alpino_lc|169
T#vroegof|7|27|650|alpino_lc|95
T#vroegwie|6|7|550|alpino_lc|185
T#vroegzichafof|9|6|2030|alpino_lc|341
T#vrouwdekrant|9|1|550|alpino_lc|166
T#waaromgezocht|5|3|270|alpino_lc|36
T#waaromvertrokken|8|65|5210|alpino_lc|864
T#waaromzoeken|5|2|390|alpino_lc|61
T#waarvanhoudt|8|2|390|alpino_lc|151
T#watdanook|9|23|340|alpino_lc|71
T#watleidde|8|29|990|alpino_lc|183
T#watstillertezijn|7|27|1920|alpino_lc|687
T#watvoor|6|16|1250|alpino_lc|125
T#watvooreen|6|6|720|alpino_lc|141
T#weerthuis|4|6|220|alpino_lc|22
T#wekengeleden|3|22|320|alpino_lc|55
T#welcome|12|30|18150|alpino_lc|2380
T#welkedanook|5|9|330|alpino_lc|38
T#wemoetennaarhuis|4|4|350|alpino_lc|84
T#wemoetenopdefiets|5|2|310|alpino_lc|77
T#werdenuitbedelen|6|21|1870|alpino_lc|109
T#werdgevraagd|7|8|1180|alpino_lc|119
T#wiedenkjedat|12|3|740|alpino_lc|374
T#wiewaarvoor|7|1|740|alpino_lc|290
T#wijallemaal|6|17|930|alpino_lc|229
T#wijallemaal2|6|13|650|alpino_lc|79
T#wordenverzocht|6|6|1610|alpino_lc|165
T#wordgewaarschuwd|7|1|620|alpino_lc|89
T#wordtverzocht|6|2|1240|alpino_lc|102
T#zesmijl|7|19|900|alpino_lc|151
T#zeszeven|5|33|620|alpino_lc|77
T#zienhelpenvoeren|10|9|3600|alpino_lc|364
T#zienietzitten|8|1|500|alpino_lc|82
T#zoergdat|8|4|420|alpino_lc|77
T#zogauw|2|3|40|alpino_lc|4
T#zogrootals|7|13|560|alpino_lc|125
T#zomogelijk|2|5|60|alpino_lc|5
T#zouhebbenmoeten|6|5|1790|alpino_lc|132
T#zoveelals|7|98|4740|alpino_lc|645
T#zoveelikkan|6|10|1040|alpino_lc|188
T#zoveelwewillen|6|1|870|alpino_lc|233
T#zovlugmogelijk|3|8|100|alpino_lc|12
T#zowelals|6|4|130|alpino_lc|16
T#zozeerzelfs|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
