cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 28140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 49170 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 12670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 32910 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 25410 msec
cputime total 7060 msec
cputime total 11960 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 95290 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 12900 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 9910 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 28670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 12280 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 16890 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 11800 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 12780 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 46140 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 47240 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 20700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 13040 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 8570 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 13240 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 98180 msec
cputime total 18660 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 11310 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 28560 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 23540 msec
cputime total 9780 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 16730 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 20550 msec
cputime total 7710 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 8180 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 21350 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 19170 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 7240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 16660 msec
cputime total 5140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 16290 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 38620 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9720 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 12060 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 37090 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 24970 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 22700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 14320 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 11850 msec
cputime total 18890 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 43370 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 17530 msec
cputime total 41460 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 28060 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 26650 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 20450 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 48490 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20310 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 20040 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 24700 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 13630 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 33070 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 21130 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 11340 msec
cputime total 15410 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 9380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 45530 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 16460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 19100 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 13090 msec
cputime total 6780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 14480 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 107120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10760 msec
cputime total 17420 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 8000 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 25410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 38120 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 6180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 20650 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 8810 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 71080 msec
cputime total 17710 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 28030 msec
cputime total 12850 msec
cputime total 13450 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 26550 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 20780 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 18900 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 24690 msec
cputime total 29900 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 20250 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 9640 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 11860 msec
cputime total 123560 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 28420 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 12150 msec
cputime total 29610 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 24240 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 17840 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 24130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 9840 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 19600 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 960 msec
T#3|19|1|1060|alpino_lc|651
T#5|19|1|4650|alpino_lc|3638
T#32|23|1|2590|alpino_lc|2225
T#40|11|1|430|alpino_lc|195
T#43|12|1|250|alpino_lc|93
T#58|27|1|2440|alpino_lc|546
T#60|52|1|28140|alpino_lc|17881
T#62|6|1|150|alpino_lc|20
T#72|7|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#73|47|1|49170|alpino_lc|16758
T#78|11|1|550|alpino_lc|321
T#86|12|1|820|alpino_lc|377
T#113|24|1|1780|alpino_lc|775
T#122|11|1|230|alpino_lc|54
T#131|18|1|12670|alpino_lc|1096
T#139|8|1|180|alpino_lc|71
T#143|33|1|2380|alpino_lc|211
T#173|15|1|2600|alpino_lc|2635
T#175|7|1|480|alpino_lc|488
T#178|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#181|19|1|300|alpino_lc|174
T#199|22|1|32910|alpino_lc|21340
T#211|37|1|1490|alpino_lc|746
T#217|25|1|5950|alpino_lc|1977
T#222|23|1|1640|alpino_lc|1356
T#225|36|1|25410|alpino_lc|4844
T#240|24|1|7060|alpino_lc|2478
T#255|32|1|11960|alpino_lc|4120
T#262|18|1|1740|alpino_lc|1449
T#270|42|1|95290|alpino_lc|41379
T#273|26|1|2210|alpino_lc|1645
T#300|32|1|2020|alpino_lc|1186
T#328|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#348|14|1|2290|alpino_lc|1622
T#351|11|1|250|alpino_lc|282
T#352|30|1|12900|alpino_lc|7575
T#354|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|919
T#365|18|1|330|alpino_lc|179
T#375|15|1|220|alpino_lc|97
T#377|25|1|1740|alpino_lc|857
T#401|27|1|2430|alpino_lc|1767
T#404|24|1|890|alpino_lc|647
T#414|16|1|160|alpino_lc|122
T#436|5|1|120|alpino_lc|7
T#451|23|1|910|alpino_lc|356
T#454|31|1|9910|alpino_lc|4031
T#455|11|1|470|alpino_lc|356
T#463|8|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#496|21|1|710|alpino_lc|488
T#525|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#526|18|1|1300|alpino_lc|601
T#528|35|1|5920|alpino_lc|1276
T#534|5|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#554|7|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#574|20|1|3330|alpino_lc|714
T#588|14|1|390|alpino_lc|193
T#591|8|1|320|alpino_lc|48
T#592|7|1|160|alpino_lc|22
T#593|21|1|610|alpino_lc|733
T#596|15|1|580|alpino_lc|140
T#598|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|889
T#609|15|1|260|alpino_lc|51
T#616|15|1|300|alpino_lc|113
T#618|13|1|230|alpino_lc|107
T#642|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|459
T#651|10|1|1450|alpino_lc|1489
T#653|16|1|660|alpino_lc|431
T#663|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#680|10|1|320|alpino_lc|327
T#683|10|1|180|alpino_lc|141
T#684|15|1|650|alpino_lc|520
T#686|9|1|220|alpino_lc|154
T#691|16|1|610|alpino_lc|248
T#705|17|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#712|36|1|28670|alpino_lc|29905
T#725|12|1|180|alpino_lc|158
T#726|15|1|800|alpino_lc|550
T#727|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#731|15|1|440|alpino_lc|132
T#737|14|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#756|18|1|450|alpino_lc|84
T#777|15|1|2400|alpino_lc|1736
T#779|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#780|10|1|260|alpino_lc|176
T#792|9|1|180|alpino_lc|135
T#810|16|1|350|alpino_lc|138
T#820|35|1|1310|alpino_lc|451
T#828|33|1|990|alpino_lc|556
T#852|41|1|1570|alpino_lc|646
T#853|23|1|450|alpino_lc|301
T#864|19|1|5780|alpino_lc|891
T#898|21|1|1250|alpino_lc|1348
T#900|29|1|12280|alpino_lc|8203
T#917|24|1|580|alpino_lc|496
T#918|7|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#919|9|1|190|alpino_lc|56
T#945|7|1|140|alpino_lc|111
T#950|33|1|16890|alpino_lc|763
T#952|17|1|850|alpino_lc|292
T#955|24|1|11800|alpino_lc|4338
T#972|19|1|880|alpino_lc|257
T#983|33|1|5060|alpino_lc|1979
T#1005|25|1|980|alpino_lc|209
T#1007|13|1|710|alpino_lc|887
T#1030|19|1|680|alpino_lc|452
T#1038|29|1|14200|alpino_lc|2552
T#1046|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|436
T#1066|7|1|160|alpino_lc|140
T#1083|24|1|1860|alpino_lc|915
T#1136|27|1|1030|alpino_lc|314
T#1154|14|1|720|alpino_lc|427
T#1158|20|1|570|alpino_lc|323
T#1175|44|1|5020|alpino_lc|4613
T#1178|63|1|12780|alpino_lc|4401
T#1179|21|1|1970|alpino_lc|2144
T#1182|45|1|46140|alpino_lc|3003
T#1187|30|1|1080|alpino_lc|460
T#1206|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|346
T#1214|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|308
T#1219|18|1|2300|alpino_lc|918
T#1222|48|1|47240|alpino_lc|16886
T#1239|23|1|1420|alpino_lc|791
T#1241|16|1|2810|alpino_lc|2562
T#1257|15|1|400|alpino_lc|130
T#1269|14|1|200|alpino_lc|70
T#1274|22|1|910|alpino_lc|157
T#1282|17|1|340|alpino_lc|170
T#1286|18|1|880|alpino_lc|349
T#1287|10|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#1288|20|1|360|alpino_lc|131
T#1292|39|1|2100|alpino_lc|508
T#1301|7|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#1310|8|1|170|alpino_lc|178
T#1340|10|1|530|alpino_lc|820
T#1356|11|1|520|alpino_lc|254
T#1359|6|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#1370|43|1|2630|alpino_lc|680
T#1376|14|1|170|alpino_lc|144
T#1387|33|1|3060|alpino_lc|1391
T#1391|16|1|530|alpino_lc|240
T#1393|31|1|20700|alpino_lc|14126
T#1397|18|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#1417|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#1422|26|1|430|alpino_lc|148
T#1423|36|1|3170|alpino_lc|865
T#1448|10|1|300|alpino_lc|132
T#1454|17|1|640|alpino_lc|314
T#1463|21|1|3010|alpino_lc|3102
T#1485|4|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#1511|13|1|1830|alpino_lc|1825
T#1518|22|1|520|alpino_lc|164
T#1525|17|1|1490|alpino_lc|1310
T#1528|10|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#1533|16|1|13040|alpino_lc|5292
T#1552|17|1|320|alpino_lc|86
T#1572|5|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#1581|10|1|1200|alpino_lc|551
T#1584|37|1|4420|alpino_lc|1669
T#1587|17|1|430|alpino_lc|427
T#1595|30|1|8570|alpino_lc|4587
T#1598|19|1|3960|alpino_lc|3796
T#1599|24|1|13240|alpino_lc|3132
T#1612|22|1|1410|alpino_lc|394
T#1628|11|1|370|alpino_lc|40
T#1629|23|1|610|alpino_lc|110
T#1635|29|1|2270|alpino_lc|1270
T#1637|12|1|320|alpino_lc|190
T#1686|28|1|1590|alpino_lc|706
T#1688|40|1|2840|alpino_lc|5460
T#1697|31|1|940|alpino_lc|351
T#1699|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#1704|25|1|1730|alpino_lc|790
T#1736|18|1|760|alpino_lc|590
T#1757|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#1789|5|1|170|alpino_lc|14
T#1793|9|1|300|alpino_lc|139
T#1796|29|1|3400|alpino_lc|2137
T#1836|14|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#1847|20|1|630|alpino_lc|449
T#1849|32|1|2310|alpino_lc|2097
T#1852|10|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#1854|8|1|110|alpino_lc|57
T#1869|38|1|1340|alpino_lc|809
T#1873|33|1|1990|alpino_lc|1260
T#1875|13|1|310|alpino_lc|288
T#1876|52|1|98180|alpino_lc|17941
T#1878|39|1|18660|alpino_lc|7480
T#1883|13|1|540|alpino_lc|404
T#1901|15|1|1810|alpino_lc|1118
T#1905|16|1|290|alpino_lc|175
T#1906|22|1|4300|alpino_lc|421
T#1912|20|1|690|alpino_lc|203
T#1917|25|1|5570|alpino_lc|4599
T#1948|23|1|11310|alpino_lc|5093
T#1954|20|1|760|alpino_lc|674
T#1961|12|1|330|alpino_lc|170
T#1962|46|1|28560|alpino_lc|32883
T#1983|19|1|370|alpino_lc|137
T#1986|39|1|23540|alpino_lc|17529
T#1988|35|1|9780|alpino_lc|4005
T#1995|31|1|1820|alpino_lc|1422
T#1996|18|1|410|alpino_lc|81
T#2002|28|1|1940|alpino_lc|632
T#2013|12|1|460|alpino_lc|85
T#2020|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#2032|28|1|16730|alpino_lc|13595
T#2039|14|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#2047|20|1|1150|alpino_lc|738
T#2066|46|1|20550|alpino_lc|3508
T#2071|36|1|7710|alpino_lc|953
T#2081|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|1257
T#2084|54|1|4020|alpino_lc|2538
T#2091|26|1|2380|alpino_lc|2336
T#2117|6|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#2137|34|1|8180|alpino_lc|854
T#2150|27|1|3020|alpino_lc|876
T#2175|14|1|330|alpino_lc|222
T#2177|19|1|640|alpino_lc|876
T#2181|9|1|690|alpino_lc|335
T#2183|8|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#2190|11|1|390|alpino_lc|228
T#2207|15|1|620|alpino_lc|271
T#2219|34|1|21350|alpino_lc|7371
T#2227|12|1|840|alpino_lc|448
T#2228|24|1|1030|alpino_lc|321
T#2241|32|1|5820|alpino_lc|422
T#2243|15|1|2500|alpino_lc|2595
T#2258|18|1|590|alpino_lc|678
T#2261|28|1|2180|alpino_lc|802
T#2264|28|1|3740|alpino_lc|1196
T#2270|12|1|360|alpino_lc|176
T#2271|7|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#2278|7|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#2285|13|1|3520|alpino_lc|2556
T#2298|18|1|670|alpino_lc|273
T#2307|24|1|1330|alpino_lc|1298
T#2327|8|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#2331|16|1|360|alpino_lc|87
T#2335|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#2363|17|1|2300|alpino_lc|2334
T#2375|30|1|19170|alpino_lc|6328
T#2380|29|1|610|alpino_lc|312
T#2387|11|1|820|alpino_lc|588
T#2391|25|1|7240|alpino_lc|3828
T#2396|15|1|340|alpino_lc|207
T#2399|14|1|1100|alpino_lc|1185
T#2401|39|1|7250|alpino_lc|6178
T#2406|16|1|350|alpino_lc|198
T#2415|20|1|5640|alpino_lc|2952
T#2428|15|1|1270|alpino_lc|1124
T#2434|40|1|3930|alpino_lc|2242
T#2440|9|1|270|alpino_lc|266
T#2446|32|1|16660|alpino_lc|16222
T#2449|30|1|5140|alpino_lc|333
T#2452|14|1|260|alpino_lc|121
T#2455|11|1|160|alpino_lc|78
T#2460|26|1|5210|alpino_lc|3490
T#2468|15|1|440|alpino_lc|161
T#2483|13|1|430|alpino_lc|343
T#2486|16|1|600|alpino_lc|309
T#2488|32|1|16290|alpino_lc|4112
T#2532|21|1|600|alpino_lc|145
T#2536|25|1|1380|alpino_lc|872
T#2543|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#2545|10|1|270|alpino_lc|119
T#2557|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#2565|7|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#2581|46|1|38620|alpino_lc|43439
T#2584|20|1|4800|alpino_lc|6044
T#2596|17|1|880|alpino_lc|848
T#2598|19|1|460|alpino_lc|213
T#2628|3|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#2630|34|1|9720|alpino_lc|2746
T#2643|9|1|70|alpino_lc|52
T#2662|6|1|90|alpino_lc|79
T#2664|23|1|5060|alpino_lc|4137
T#2669|10|1|490|alpino_lc|749
T#2673|25|1|3140|alpino_lc|558
T#2674|10|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#2689|29|1|1730|alpino_lc|688
T#2691|25|1|12060|alpino_lc|5782
T#2700|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#2744|14|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#2751|20|1|710|alpino_lc|512
T#2771|6|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#2778|37|1|5780|alpino_lc|2447
T#2807|31|1|37090|alpino_lc|26206
T#2829|11|1|250|alpino_lc|162
T#2832|37|1|24970|alpino_lc|12730
T#2838|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|1007
T#2841|20|1|3020|alpino_lc|2803
T#2848|32|1|2040|alpino_lc|389
T#2851|6|1|70|alpino_lc|68
T#2858|28|1|22700|alpino_lc|10312
T#2860|16|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#2861|10|1|760|alpino_lc|453
T#2873|13|1|720|alpino_lc|260
T#2880|11|1|240|alpino_lc|171
T#2890|20|1|390|alpino_lc|254
T#2903|29|1|7760|alpino_lc|3354
T#2908|28|1|14320|alpino_lc|11356
T#2909|14|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#2920|22|1|5630|alpino_lc|2115
T#2922|13|1|740|alpino_lc|362
T#2940|14|1|560|alpino_lc|384
T#2945|22|1|1880|alpino_lc|1963
T#2961|30|1|2860|alpino_lc|1727
T#2965|15|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#2976|9|1|120|alpino_lc|108
T#2993|9|1|310|alpino_lc|154
T#3002|30|1|11850|alpino_lc|7687
T#3007|29|1|18890|alpino_lc|4242
T#3030|33|1|5680|alpino_lc|3837
T#3049|9|1|250|alpino_lc|273
T#3062|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|992
T#3071|7|1|120|alpino_lc|117
T#3072|15|1|520|alpino_lc|675
T#3079|33|1|2360|alpino_lc|2714
T#3085|16|1|470|alpino_lc|124
T#3089|11|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#3096|12|1|360|alpino_lc|102
T#3098|5|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#3103|17|1|260|alpino_lc|117
T#3105|23|1|3310|alpino_lc|1252
T#3110|20|1|2020|alpino_lc|1938
T#3129|52|1|43370|alpino_lc|3365
T#3134|22|1|3700|alpino_lc|2737
T#3139|14|1|190|alpino_lc|88
T#3161|8|1|90|alpino_lc|77
T#3206|13|1|5530|alpino_lc|5000
T#3253|27|1|1200|alpino_lc|588
T#3266|15|1|4090|alpino_lc|1671
T#3284|10|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#3285|31|1|3790|alpino_lc|1073
T#3293|22|1|1230|alpino_lc|609
T#3297|19|1|17530|alpino_lc|6379
T#3300|49|1|41460|alpino_lc|44891
T#3301|13|1|2320|alpino_lc|2764
T#3319|26|1|1240|alpino_lc|649
T#3328|14|1|420|alpino_lc|154
T#3333|25|1|740|alpino_lc|464
T#3339|16|1|1950|alpino_lc|1641
T#3349|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|735
T#3350|8|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#3367|27|1|1080|alpino_lc|493
T#3369|25|1|28060|alpino_lc|8379
T#3370|7|1|180|alpino_lc|69
T#3373|17|1|5210|alpino_lc|4971
T#3381|20|1|2790|alpino_lc|2106
T#3386|18|1|1310|alpino_lc|530
T#3388|25|1|590|alpino_lc|347
T#3391|9|1|200|alpino_lc|71
T#3394|8|1|130|alpino_lc|98
T#3397|16|1|600|alpino_lc|362
T#3411|22|1|7700|alpino_lc|4032
T#3423|15|1|660|alpino_lc|533
T#3430|25|1|1660|alpino_lc|1637
T#3441|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#3445|8|1|320|alpino_lc|376
T#3454|24|1|610|alpino_lc|756
T#3458|20|1|970|alpino_lc|480
T#3465|16|1|520|alpino_lc|1240
T#3473|21|1|1830|alpino_lc|1169
T#3477|28|1|4650|alpino_lc|1889
T#3483|23|1|480|alpino_lc|206
T#3511|41|1|2550|alpino_lc|1613
T#3532|11|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#3536|8|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#3543|10|1|270|alpino_lc|189
T#3560|17|1|340|alpino_lc|110
T#3595|39|1|26650|alpino_lc|13156
T#3608|33|1|2290|alpino_lc|1139
T#3620|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1529
T#3623|20|1|2410|alpino_lc|2864
T#3628|12|1|370|alpino_lc|266
T#3629|38|1|2610|alpino_lc|2067
T#3632|14|1|1550|alpino_lc|1081
T#3640|17|1|510|alpino_lc|290
T#3650|22|1|20450|alpino_lc|6686
T#3653|27|1|860|alpino_lc|746
T#3676|20|1|1070|alpino_lc|279
T#3677|19|1|1780|alpino_lc|1691
T#3682|16|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#3686|14|1|260|alpino_lc|111
T#3687|7|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#3694|24|1|1040|alpino_lc|194
T#3699|25|1|1730|alpino_lc|1196
T#3704|19|1|850|alpino_lc|356
T#3709|21|1|3970|alpino_lc|2451
T#3713|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|1148
T#3722|9|1|170|alpino_lc|72
T#3725|15|1|1120|alpino_lc|739
T#3765|38|1|4680|alpino_lc|1355
T#3769|16|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#3783|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|682
T#3785|25|1|8820|alpino_lc|4770
T#3788|12|1|300|alpino_lc|115
T#3800|12|1|280|alpino_lc|104
T#3809|7|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#3816|8|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#3832|39|1|48490|alpino_lc|9151
T#3836|8|1|570|alpino_lc|320
T#3842|10|1|200|alpino_lc|40
T#3848|29|1|1510|alpino_lc|698
T#3854|23|1|7770|alpino_lc|2404
T#3862|10|1|1490|alpino_lc|821
T#3867|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#3871|18|1|4820|alpino_lc|2658
T#3878|10|1|230|alpino_lc|129
T#3930|20|1|360|alpino_lc|101
T#3954|15|1|310|alpino_lc|121
T#3962|37|1|20310|alpino_lc|3847
T#3966|28|1|2060|alpino_lc|1546
T#3970|25|1|320|alpino_lc|242
T#3987|14|1|190|alpino_lc|161
T#3990|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#3993|32|1|9220|alpino_lc|2342
T#3994|33|1|8140|alpino_lc|1455
T#4007|21|1|1200|alpino_lc|735
T#4010|33|1|1640|alpino_lc|980
T#4018|17|1|3240|alpino_lc|1658
T#4021|9|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#4026|16|1|410|alpino_lc|243
T#4027|8|1|300|alpino_lc|314
T#4035|27|1|2950|alpino_lc|2609
T#4047|14|1|680|alpino_lc|768
T#4057|10|1|490|alpino_lc|211
T#4076|7|1|310|alpino_lc|266
T#4077|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#4080|46|1|5840|alpino_lc|2462
T#4087|9|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#4110|18|1|430|alpino_lc|175
T#4111|26|1|5700|alpino_lc|3322
T#4148|12|1|340|alpino_lc|344
T#4161|20|1|930|alpino_lc|887
T#4162|25|1|5670|alpino_lc|3455
T#4194|41|1|5800|alpino_lc|3818
T#4195|43|1|20040|alpino_lc|10383
T#4202|10|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#4209|31|1|3890|alpino_lc|1737
T#4219|10|1|290|alpino_lc|157
T#4222|18|1|320|alpino_lc|450
T#4240|34|1|3320|alpino_lc|1157
T#4242|7|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#4251|17|1|590|alpino_lc|364
T#4261|11|1|140|alpino_lc|21
T#4267|10|1|310|alpino_lc|235
T#4275|17|1|440|alpino_lc|470
T#4278|15|1|1860|alpino_lc|1392
T#4279|12|1|300|alpino_lc|181
T#4299|27|1|3780|alpino_lc|4099
T#4301|20|1|370|alpino_lc|155
T#4317|10|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#4322|14|1|680|alpino_lc|660
T#4323|34|1|11140|alpino_lc|12360
T#4340|25|1|2050|alpino_lc|456
T#4345|19|1|400|alpino_lc|149
T#4348|11|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#4364|32|1|1260|alpino_lc|262
T#4368|28|1|1460|alpino_lc|1004
T#4373|16|1|760|alpino_lc|199
T#4393|21|1|5880|alpino_lc|2315
T#4419|10|1|260|alpino_lc|60
T#4424|18|1|1300|alpino_lc|428
T#4431|52|1|18140|alpino_lc|2437
T#4432|18|1|840|alpino_lc|449
T#4439|14|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#4445|11|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#4446|30|1|1950|alpino_lc|764
T#4456|14|1|1120|alpino_lc|1428
T#4467|32|1|670|alpino_lc|153
T#4476|18|1|950|alpino_lc|384
T#4478|27|1|2340|alpino_lc|347
T#4481|10|1|170|alpino_lc|117
T#4502|23|1|2650|alpino_lc|358
T#4506|10|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#4539|28|1|3490|alpino_lc|3018
T#4554|25|1|3880|alpino_lc|829
T#4576|27|1|24700|alpino_lc|2690
T#4594|12|1|1820|alpino_lc|182
T#4596|16|1|290|alpino_lc|178
T#4626|9|1|310|alpino_lc|93
T#4631|40|1|13630|alpino_lc|1507
T#4636|27|1|2870|alpino_lc|1788
T#4640|33|1|1360|alpino_lc|374
T#4642|18|1|1530|alpino_lc|1537
T#4643|21|1|680|alpino_lc|197
T#4645|20|1|320|alpino_lc|202
T#4648|18|1|320|alpino_lc|132
T#4666|31|1|3460|alpino_lc|1802
T#4669|12|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#4681|8|1|100|alpino_lc|81
T#4687|12|1|290|alpino_lc|414
T#4706|9|1|190|alpino_lc|100
T#4733|16|1|160|alpino_lc|82
T#4753|15|1|610|alpino_lc|272
T#4756|21|1|790|alpino_lc|360
T#4765|17|1|490|alpino_lc|215
T#4784|26|1|3980|alpino_lc|854
T#4795|35|1|990|alpino_lc|622
T#4796|12|1|370|alpino_lc|175
T#4809|19|1|4640|alpino_lc|4224
T#4821|19|1|1810|alpino_lc|688
T#4822|15|1|380|alpino_lc|106
T#4824|5|1|250|alpino_lc|250
T#4835|16|1|5560|alpino_lc|4515
T#4836|17|1|1560|alpino_lc|849
T#4838|58|1|33070|alpino_lc|12422
T#4848|24|1|1960|alpino_lc|709
T#4857|41|1|21130|alpino_lc|19916
T#4861|49|1|1810|alpino_lc|2475
T#4891|15|1|220|alpino_lc|78
T#4893|16|1|430|alpino_lc|131
T#4901|22|1|550|alpino_lc|219
T#4906|20|1|3140|alpino_lc|2884
T#4908|32|1|3680|alpino_lc|3308
T#4909|29|1|2190|alpino_lc|1058
T#4911|40|1|11340|alpino_lc|8439
T#4921|40|1|15410|alpino_lc|8460
T#4924|17|1|1360|alpino_lc|593
T#4926|9|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#4940|24|1|970|alpino_lc|204
T#4941|40|1|9380|alpino_lc|462
T#4942|8|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#4944|18|1|570|alpino_lc|259
T#4947|12|1|1830|alpino_lc|1697
T#4948|18|1|4550|alpino_lc|2752
T#4949|18|1|3440|alpino_lc|1261
T#4958|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|623
T#4960|12|1|440|alpino_lc|389
T#4978|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#5009|21|1|990|alpino_lc|303
T#5019|24|1|900|alpino_lc|610
T#5038|27|1|840|alpino_lc|676
T#5056|57|1|45530|alpino_lc|11219
T#5057|10|1|550|alpino_lc|263
T#5086|9|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#5091|9|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#5096|27|1|1260|alpino_lc|611
T#5097|15|1|220|alpino_lc|48
T#5103|20|1|530|alpino_lc|265
T#5119|17|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#5129|16|1|460|alpino_lc|426
T#5144|38|1|4880|alpino_lc|2212
T#5145|8|1|330|alpino_lc|170
T#5146|11|1|620|alpino_lc|154
T#5162|16|1|710|alpino_lc|577
T#5163|11|1|240|alpino_lc|228
T#5180|19|1|1420|alpino_lc|1315
T#5188|25|1|2660|alpino_lc|4189
T#5196|26|1|1310|alpino_lc|843
T#5211|25|1|16460|alpino_lc|10615
T#5231|13|1|270|alpino_lc|98
T#5232|19|1|2580|alpino_lc|534
T#5237|30|1|2430|alpino_lc|2124
T#5259|8|1|110|alpino_lc|92
T#5261|52|1|19100|alpino_lc|7744
T#5270|12|1|490|alpino_lc|381
T#5274|12|1|610|alpino_lc|843
T#5277|26|1|1310|alpino_lc|816
T#5283|30|1|13090|alpino_lc|1839
T#5284|16|1|6780|alpino_lc|1220
T#5299|21|1|810|alpino_lc|338
T#5324|60|1|14480|alpino_lc|12918
T#5329|39|1|4700|alpino_lc|5078
T#5331|25|1|1260|alpino_lc|811
T#5350|10|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#5354|18|1|2160|alpino_lc|1007
T#5395|9|1|250|alpino_lc|23
T#5404|17|1|320|alpino_lc|252
T#5405|12|1|410|alpino_lc|372
T#5412|34|1|1860|alpino_lc|2093
T#5423|7|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#5429|14|1|370|alpino_lc|303
T#5431|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|931
T#5439|14|1|1330|alpino_lc|996
T#5440|8|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#5444|25|1|1280|alpino_lc|1219
T#5470|5|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#5472|38|1|107120|alpino_lc|49271
T#5483|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#5486|18|1|690|alpino_lc|444
T#5513|15|1|860|alpino_lc|494
T#5519|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|606
T#5542|11|1|940|alpino_lc|479
T#5543|7|1|140|alpino_lc|111
T#5555|17|1|370|alpino_lc|62
T#5556|6|1|120|alpino_lc|81
T#5559|25|1|7280|alpino_lc|7073
T#5561|8|1|120|alpino_lc|35
T#5568|39|1|10760|alpino_lc|3208
T#5594|39|1|17420|alpino_lc|16522
T#5596|23|1|9980|alpino_lc|18169
T#5599|14|1|410|alpino_lc|403
T#5607|33|1|1090|alpino_lc|851
T#5640|14|1|780|alpino_lc|454
T#5689|32|1|2330|alpino_lc|875
T#5702|29|1|8000|alpino_lc|9919
T#5706|16|1|330|alpino_lc|284
T#5719|26|1|2690|alpino_lc|786
T#5732|14|1|450|alpino_lc|221
T#5743|16|1|680|alpino_lc|314
T#5744|21|1|2730|alpino_lc|729
T#5745|17|1|1210|alpino_lc|699
T#5757|21|1|2230|alpino_lc|1521
T#5774|15|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#5775|12|1|300|alpino_lc|107
T#5796|34|1|6840|alpino_lc|1835
T#5805|25|1|980|alpino_lc|496
T#5806|18|1|470|alpino_lc|235
T#5816|8|1|240|alpino_lc|164
T#5843|14|1|800|alpino_lc|610
T#5851|10|1|420|alpino_lc|78
T#5858|23|1|25410|alpino_lc|9420
T#5869|9|1|230|alpino_lc|121
T#5878|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#5882|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#5890|9|1|350|alpino_lc|490
T#5892|22|1|1960|alpino_lc|2156
T#5906|42|1|38120|alpino_lc|15388
T#5907|26|1|1660|alpino_lc|1033
T#5923|28|1|650|alpino_lc|432
T#5931|27|1|1780|alpino_lc|671
T#5941|48|1|6180|alpino_lc|4327
T#5957|12|1|270|alpino_lc|216
T#5961|8|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#5965|13|1|290|alpino_lc|103
T#5991|22|1|1260|alpino_lc|1013
T#5996|44|1|20650|alpino_lc|16516
T#6001|12|1|350|alpino_lc|374
T#6006|7|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#6015|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|579
T#6020|6|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#6035|32|1|3160|alpino_lc|920
T#6063|18|1|970|alpino_lc|895
T#6066|18|1|310|alpino_lc|181
T#6095|51|1|5460|alpino_lc|3791
T#6097|17|1|230|alpino_lc|155
T#6105|7|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#6107|4|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#6125|15|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#6135|20|1|760|alpino_lc|338
T#6141|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#6142|9|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#6166|21|1|800|alpino_lc|522
T#6186|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#6194|21|1|250|alpino_lc|166
T#6208|11|1|510|alpino_lc|432
T#6217|26|1|8810|alpino_lc|4198
T#6221|13|1|170|alpino_lc|67
T#6223|30|1|7470|alpino_lc|10373
T#6244|11|1|300|alpino_lc|121
T#6253|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#6258|24|1|2880|alpino_lc|1165
T#6265|65|1|71080|alpino_lc|61929
T#6268|24|1|17710|alpino_lc|8300
T#6271|20|1|4890|alpino_lc|1917
T#6272|54|1|28030|alpino_lc|19005
T#6297|23|1|12850|alpino_lc|5208
T#6306|15|1|13450|alpino_lc|17715
T#6314|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|310
T#6320|24|1|610|alpino_lc|702
T#6326|30|1|26550|alpino_lc|8317
T#6327|24|1|1140|alpino_lc|400
T#6335|43|1|20780|alpino_lc|15555
T#6346|16|1|1670|alpino_lc|1028
T#6352|26|1|1140|alpino_lc|894
T#6354|16|1|550|alpino_lc|210
T#6357|25|1|18900|alpino_lc|7897
T#6370|30|1|3320|alpino_lc|1288
T#6372|14|1|650|alpino_lc|374
T#6376|20|1|690|alpino_lc|541
T#6379|13|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#6390|15|1|320|alpino_lc|217
T#6395|17|1|5420|alpino_lc|705
T#6407|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#6417|51|1|4390|alpino_lc|1322
T#6418|19|1|490|alpino_lc|458
T#6430|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#6450|55|1|24690|alpino_lc|26050
T#6454|26|1|29900|alpino_lc|23488
T#6455|35|1|2530|alpino_lc|1153
T#6463|47|1|20250|alpino_lc|9958
T#6467|11|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#6475|7|1|120|alpino_lc|114
T#6476|20|1|1000|alpino_lc|568
T#6479|13|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#6488|11|1|320|alpino_lc|264
T#6503|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#6504|10|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#6533|19|1|9640|alpino_lc|4751
T#6538|14|1|330|alpino_lc|184
T#6539|9|1|370|alpino_lc|186
T#6553|20|1|850|alpino_lc|385
T#6565|26|1|11860|alpino_lc|8380
T#6596|37|1|123560|alpino_lc|96724
T#6597|12|1|1570|alpino_lc|1431
T#6599|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#6617|40|1|5250|alpino_lc|2683
T#6627|21|1|1540|alpino_lc|1370
T#6630|18|1|1240|alpino_lc|570
T#6631|15|1|280|alpino_lc|37
T#6633|28|1|9950|alpino_lc|14184
T#6681|10|1|830|alpino_lc|367
T#6703|12|1|620|alpino_lc|212
T#6715|11|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#6718|8|1|290|alpino_lc|158
T#6741|14|1|290|alpino_lc|292
T#6756|33|1|1130|alpino_lc|535
T#6757|36|1|28420|alpino_lc|29621
T#6781|10|1|510|alpino_lc|464
T#6786|13|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#6790|5|1|120|alpino_lc|8
T#6796|36|1|12150|alpino_lc|7904
T#6801|31|1|29610|alpino_lc|11816
T#6822|33|1|6910|alpino_lc|1742
T#6836|33|1|24240|alpino_lc|19304
T#6841|22|1|490|alpino_lc|276
T#6844|8|1|200|alpino_lc|144
T#6850|10|1|250|alpino_lc|62
T#6860|35|1|17840|alpino_lc|7523
T#6869|26|1|1970|alpino_lc|400
T#6887|17|1|430|alpino_lc|406
T#6915|31|1|2420|alpino_lc|1366
T#6919|21|1|440|alpino_lc|193
T#6931|26|1|24130|alpino_lc|13494
T#6933|6|1|220|alpino_lc|63
T#6937|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|686
T#6940|4|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#6966|36|1|3400|alpino_lc|2688
T#6973|15|1|2310|alpino_lc|2164
T#6976|24|1|2220|alpino_lc|1384
T#6989|18|1|560|alpino_lc|293
T#6992|35|1|9840|alpino_lc|3026
T#6996|6|1|80|alpino_lc|71
T#7004|16|1|1000|alpino_lc|887
T#7016|23|1|440|alpino_lc|198
T#7021|13|1|400|alpino_lc|526
T#7032|24|1|19600|alpino_lc|14526
T#7033|11|1|710|alpino_lc|800
T#7038|23|1|2200|alpino_lc|731
T#7039|16|1|400|alpino_lc|101
T#7051|17|1|210|alpino_lc|85
T#7059|17|1|1170|alpino_lc|332
T#7068|13|1|320|alpino_lc|118
T#7073|5|1|110|alpino_lc|44
T#7075|17|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#7084|14|1|710|alpino_lc|1063
T#7092|11|1|290|alpino_lc|157
T#7122|34|1|3680|alpino_lc|3587
T#7145|24|1|960|alpino_lc|391
