cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 22420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 14590 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 17820 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 19560 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 10160 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 35670 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 27110 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 14940 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 22860 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 15340 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 8730 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 17850 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 14370 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 68800 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 31710 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 26750 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 12200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 29610 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 11330 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 7780 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 8810 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 69820 msec
cputime total 7940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 29510 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 38570 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 18040 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 93120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 12850 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 56930 msec
cputime total 16080 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 8600 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 7210 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 25460 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 31080 msec
cputime total 26400 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 47680 msec
cputime total 9830 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 13940 msec
cputime total 6880 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 9570 msec
cputime total 11150 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 15300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 11110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 12480 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 9910 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 8420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 44860 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 51600 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 18170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 13730 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 27930 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 45720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 6200 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 35920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 59700 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 38240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 10220 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 12230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 17260 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 19710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 13440 msec
cputime total 9990 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 11620 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 87270 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 17280 msec
cputime total 16070 msec
cputime total 15300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 23830 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 8930 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 23820 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 7720 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 11840 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 11940 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 95310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 22960 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 15830 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 13550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 11050 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 27610 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 24650 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 12650 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 12390 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 93150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 15120 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 29210 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 15760 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 36890 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 32700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
T#1|24|1|710|alpino_lc|512
T#7|17|1|430|alpino_lc|166
T#13|35|1|22420|alpino_lc|5393
T#16|4|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#26|11|1|300|alpino_lc|524
T#31|15|1|240|alpino_lc|144
T#39|34|1|14590|alpino_lc|7324
T#56|25|1|890|alpino_lc|209
T#71|9|1|330|alpino_lc|189
T#76|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#97|8|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#134|17|1|2670|alpino_lc|1917
T#142|20|1|820|alpino_lc|348
T#144|36|1|4930|alpino_lc|3485
T#148|20|1|750|alpino_lc|230
T#150|41|1|17820|alpino_lc|6502
T#154|32|1|1390|alpino_lc|1005
T#162|38|1|19560|alpino_lc|9139
T#163|18|1|3880|alpino_lc|1427
T#165|32|1|3020|alpino_lc|4444
T#197|23|1|1530|alpino_lc|732
T#204|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|738
T#206|27|1|1720|alpino_lc|1330
T#209|10|1|320|alpino_lc|184
T#219|28|1|1100|alpino_lc|467
T#232|22|1|10160|alpino_lc|4577
T#234|27|1|680|alpino_lc|346
T#238|24|1|2060|alpino_lc|763
T#246|28|1|1200|alpino_lc|574
T#249|54|1|35670|alpino_lc|18553
T#267|30|1|420|alpino_lc|160
T#272|17|1|460|alpino_lc|353
T#276|22|1|590|alpino_lc|369
T#282|48|1|27110|alpino_lc|3084
T#283|11|1|310|alpino_lc|122
T#286|20|1|3860|alpino_lc|3054
T#288|9|1|570|alpino_lc|601
T#301|30|1|4080|alpino_lc|813
T#308|16|1|880|alpino_lc|622
T#311|11|1|830|alpino_lc|967
T#312|6|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#329|15|1|730|alpino_lc|361
T#332|20|1|840|alpino_lc|429
T#337|12|1|90|alpino_lc|68
T#341|11|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#353|23|1|14940|alpino_lc|7080
T#369|26|1|1120|alpino_lc|1099
T#381|22|1|2230|alpino_lc|2212
T#382|22|1|22860|alpino_lc|11706
T#383|28|1|1740|alpino_lc|770
T#418|6|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#433|18|1|1150|alpino_lc|647
T#438|25|1|1120|alpino_lc|674
T#459|19|1|1470|alpino_lc|1398
T#465|33|1|12100|alpino_lc|24759
T#466|14|1|520|alpino_lc|268
T#486|15|1|730|alpino_lc|361
T#494|25|1|1730|alpino_lc|883
T#501|36|1|15340|alpino_lc|7849
T#505|12|1|360|alpino_lc|166
T#531|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1347
T#537|38|1|8730|alpino_lc|990
T#543|28|1|2450|alpino_lc|1922
T#551|12|1|300|alpino_lc|38
T#619|15|1|2230|alpino_lc|1438
T#629|15|1|250|alpino_lc|60
T#630|20|1|780|alpino_lc|167
T#652|17|1|680|alpino_lc|651
T#658|33|1|1110|alpino_lc|722
T#678|8|1|120|alpino_lc|107
T#706|25|1|1950|alpino_lc|1349
T#729|15|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#732|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#734|17|1|520|alpino_lc|169
T#750|23|1|700|alpino_lc|598
T#752|8|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#781|26|1|5020|alpino_lc|3033
T#783|9|1|260|alpino_lc|188
T#803|25|1|1760|alpino_lc|1327
T#809|8|1|370|alpino_lc|280
T#814|16|1|2790|alpino_lc|1502
T#824|28|1|17850|alpino_lc|11510
T#849|32|1|4590|alpino_lc|3105
T#851|31|1|14370|alpino_lc|6600
T#862|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|986
T#879|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|1050
T#885|17|1|450|alpino_lc|577
T#890|29|1|6090|alpino_lc|604
T#894|21|1|420|alpino_lc|394
T#908|10|1|250|alpino_lc|156
T#947|29|1|5400|alpino_lc|1704
T#965|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#975|31|1|5700|alpino_lc|3382
T#977|33|1|2020|alpino_lc|914
T#988|18|1|440|alpino_lc|209
T#1009|17|1|2360|alpino_lc|1478
T#1017|49|1|5420|alpino_lc|872
T#1022|35|1|3010|alpino_lc|2837
T#1024|51|1|68800|alpino_lc|40849
T#1032|23|1|7120|alpino_lc|1164
T#1041|31|1|31710|alpino_lc|14000
T#1043|15|1|980|alpino_lc|597
T#1064|34|1|26750|alpino_lc|10309
T#1075|15|1|2570|alpino_lc|2253
T#1103|35|1|12200|alpino_lc|2379
T#1104|12|1|440|alpino_lc|301
T#1115|9|1|510|alpino_lc|169
T#1122|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#1157|9|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#1183|28|1|810|alpino_lc|255
T#1234|48|1|29610|alpino_lc|5641
T#1252|13|1|260|alpino_lc|183
T#1281|13|1|730|alpino_lc|403
T#1291|10|1|190|alpino_lc|104
T#1298|29|1|12020|alpino_lc|7200
T#1299|27|1|11330|alpino_lc|4438
T#1315|15|1|640|alpino_lc|139
T#1322|13|1|4240|alpino_lc|751
T#1326|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|565
T#1339|13|1|380|alpino_lc|318
T#1347|21|1|1190|alpino_lc|688
T#1350|30|1|7780|alpino_lc|4156
T#1371|12|1|110|alpino_lc|57
T#1373|32|1|1960|alpino_lc|434
T#1375|10|1|960|alpino_lc|878
T#1385|9|1|200|alpino_lc|128
T#1396|23|1|570|alpino_lc|287
T#1402|11|1|160|alpino_lc|121
T#1410|13|1|960|alpino_lc|1295
T#1411|16|1|5180|alpino_lc|5398
T#1415|19|1|500|alpino_lc|225
T#1425|40|1|2550|alpino_lc|687
T#1426|17|1|230|alpino_lc|115
T#1432|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|1692
T#1433|20|1|850|alpino_lc|444
T#1439|12|1|340|alpino_lc|152
T#1443|33|1|8810|alpino_lc|3995
T#1450|15|1|2160|alpino_lc|411
T#1458|13|1|650|alpino_lc|107
T#1459|36|1|1640|alpino_lc|356
T#1461|29|1|2930|alpino_lc|1965
T#1501|18|1|4140|alpino_lc|1944
T#1502|7|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#1508|24|1|20200|alpino_lc|22780
T#1512|19|1|640|alpino_lc|575
T#1514|30|1|5330|alpino_lc|3840
T#1532|16|1|470|alpino_lc|275
T#1539|33|1|1050|alpino_lc|545
T#1543|24|1|830|alpino_lc|401
T#1544|11|1|290|alpino_lc|113
T#1556|24|1|2900|alpino_lc|2221
T#1580|27|1|1840|alpino_lc|923
T#1585|9|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#1586|20|1|1480|alpino_lc|843
T#1592|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|1697
T#1594|16|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#1617|23|1|1510|alpino_lc|408
T#1618|43|1|69820|alpino_lc|4540
T#1625|19|1|7940|alpino_lc|2503
T#1648|6|1|140|alpino_lc|138
T#1650|26|1|920|alpino_lc|524
T#1655|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1018
T#1661|31|1|1000|alpino_lc|239
T#1666|11|1|460|alpino_lc|299
T#1671|14|1|340|alpino_lc|154
T#1710|29|1|1110|alpino_lc|545
T#1716|16|1|5560|alpino_lc|4356
T#1727|11|1|210|alpino_lc|85
T#1735|33|1|29510|alpino_lc|8619
T#1739|10|1|500|alpino_lc|358
T#1746|19|1|260|alpino_lc|51
T#1751|7|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#1752|13|1|420|alpino_lc|282
T#1765|24|1|690|alpino_lc|320
T#1784|16|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#1803|13|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#1807|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#1809|23|1|680|alpino_lc|374
T#1810|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#1820|9|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#1837|25|1|910|alpino_lc|285
T#1842|10|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#1862|27|1|2060|alpino_lc|1029
T#1872|36|1|10230|alpino_lc|2926
T#1880|33|1|38570|alpino_lc|15816
T#1888|8|1|50|alpino_lc|39
T#1898|28|1|1080|alpino_lc|435
T#1902|9|1|130|alpino_lc|83
T#1904|14|1|1470|alpino_lc|1033
T#1949|11|1|670|alpino_lc|636
T#1952|30|1|18040|alpino_lc|30977
T#1973|24|1|510|alpino_lc|286
T#1982|30|1|1530|alpino_lc|1358
T#2010|28|1|2000|alpino_lc|503
T#2014|5|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#2029|18|1|770|alpino_lc|815
T#2054|19|1|6530|alpino_lc|4657
T#2056|15|1|290|alpino_lc|221
T#2085|11|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#2090|19|1|450|alpino_lc|281
T#2115|19|1|1640|alpino_lc|2460
T#2123|8|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#2152|28|1|2890|alpino_lc|929
T#2162|20|1|670|alpino_lc|376
T#2201|9|1|190|alpino_lc|119
T#2215|11|1|240|alpino_lc|253
T#2223|23|1|430|alpino_lc|509
T#2226|24|1|840|alpino_lc|350
T#2232|16|1|640|alpino_lc|383
T#2235|21|1|1440|alpino_lc|673
T#2236|20|1|2330|alpino_lc|1150
T#2242|11|1|310|alpino_lc|168
T#2246|25|1|1180|alpino_lc|479
T#2275|25|1|1800|alpino_lc|1012
T#2286|14|1|280|alpino_lc|119
T#2303|11|1|400|alpino_lc|58
T#2309|46|1|93120|alpino_lc|942
T#2326|12|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#2341|12|1|380|alpino_lc|331
T#2348|23|1|680|alpino_lc|259
T#2358|25|1|350|alpino_lc|226
T#2368|10|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#2374|16|1|620|alpino_lc|155
T#2383|15|1|1610|alpino_lc|652
T#2408|20|1|2030|alpino_lc|2839
T#2430|22|1|2410|alpino_lc|624
T#2444|21|1|480|alpino_lc|476
T#2451|32|1|12850|alpino_lc|1837
T#2465|17|1|320|alpino_lc|240
T#2489|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|796
T#2500|19|1|760|alpino_lc|512
T#2509|31|1|56930|alpino_lc|9891
T#2511|40|1|16080|alpino_lc|3640
T#2512|16|1|230|alpino_lc|174
T#2518|17|1|1010|alpino_lc|730
T#2521|12|1|240|alpino_lc|90
T#2526|42|1|3380|alpino_lc|651
T#2533|29|1|8600|alpino_lc|4843
T#2541|11|1|1270|alpino_lc|1089
T#2549|17|1|1260|alpino_lc|573
T#2571|15|1|920|alpino_lc|807
T#2585|8|1|280|alpino_lc|337
T#2587|25|1|1340|alpino_lc|770
T#2589|30|1|1030|alpino_lc|403
T#2597|25|1|3450|alpino_lc|2146
T#2604|21|1|1130|alpino_lc|386
T#2605|18|1|750|alpino_lc|487
T#2619|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#2631|13|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#2638|14|1|220|alpino_lc|199
T#2649|13|1|530|alpino_lc|687
T#2661|12|1|250|alpino_lc|65
T#2665|30|1|5300|alpino_lc|2459
T#2667|20|1|290|alpino_lc|104
T#2687|10|1|100|alpino_lc|14
T#2696|10|1|590|alpino_lc|816
T#2697|20|1|500|alpino_lc|508
T#2706|28|1|7210|alpino_lc|7482
T#2715|10|1|270|alpino_lc|67
T#2716|15|1|1590|alpino_lc|356
T#2718|18|1|370|alpino_lc|202
T#2719|30|1|7660|alpino_lc|5674
T#2722|19|1|1660|alpino_lc|1493
T#2735|21|1|4720|alpino_lc|1134
T#2748|4|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#2760|5|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#2761|25|1|1260|alpino_lc|662
T#2769|18|1|500|alpino_lc|265
T#2784|13|1|210|alpino_lc|58
T#2794|17|1|280|alpino_lc|183
T#2800|42|1|25460|alpino_lc|6281
T#2818|19|1|400|alpino_lc|224
T#2826|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|620
T#2849|17|1|890|alpino_lc|805
T#2917|37|1|1600|alpino_lc|1516
T#2929|23|1|1790|alpino_lc|895
T#2936|13|1|340|alpino_lc|204
T#2942|8|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#2946|32|1|880|alpino_lc|581
T#2948|19|1|390|alpino_lc|292
T#2964|47|1|12700|alpino_lc|8012
T#2981|8|1|180|alpino_lc|72
T#2984|21|1|780|alpino_lc|629
T#2992|40|1|31080|alpino_lc|1372
T#2994|33|1|26400|alpino_lc|20292
T#3012|13|1|470|alpino_lc|272
T#3034|14|1|190|alpino_lc|51
T#3037|8|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#3044|10|1|220|alpino_lc|166
T#3048|23|1|1950|alpino_lc|2897
T#3059|9|1|260|alpino_lc|381
T#3064|32|1|5710|alpino_lc|2258
T#3080|22|1|7640|alpino_lc|6858
T#3087|11|1|310|alpino_lc|470
T#3101|27|1|6380|alpino_lc|9022
T#3106|46|1|47680|alpino_lc|20971
T#3112|48|1|9830|alpino_lc|2293
T#3136|6|1|230|alpino_lc|196
T#3138|27|1|890|alpino_lc|333
T#3144|27|1|1680|alpino_lc|1864
T#3147|13|1|3170|alpino_lc|2379
T#3149|36|1|3880|alpino_lc|1354
T#3167|12|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#3169|14|1|1450|alpino_lc|1666
T#3171|54|1|13940|alpino_lc|8205
T#3201|16|1|6880|alpino_lc|5670
T#3218|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|576
T#3220|8|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#3228|10|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#3236|37|1|9570|alpino_lc|3641
T#3249|33|1|11150|alpino_lc|2645
T#3251|35|1|1810|alpino_lc|552
T#3252|18|1|4250|alpino_lc|3123
T#3259|6|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#3270|7|1|160|alpino_lc|129
T#3276|30|1|7320|alpino_lc|4331
T#3294|9|1|670|alpino_lc|227
T#3303|10|1|470|alpino_lc|357
T#3312|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#3320|53|1|15300|alpino_lc|7301
T#3325|17|1|300|alpino_lc|70
T#3332|33|1|11110|alpino_lc|8667
T#3340|4|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#3358|8|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#3375|6|1|80|alpino_lc|96
T#3409|6|1|120|alpino_lc|14
T#3414|14|1|380|alpino_lc|203
T#3433|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#3446|21|1|1310|alpino_lc|817
T#3471|12|1|160|alpino_lc|102
T#3474|29|1|12480|alpino_lc|6718
T#3490|35|1|7350|alpino_lc|7612
T#3506|15|1|1100|alpino_lc|985
T#3519|25|1|9910|alpino_lc|5962
T#3525|9|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#3530|15|1|1430|alpino_lc|1173
T#3533|15|1|730|alpino_lc|349
T#3563|11|1|480|alpino_lc|344
T#3575|26|1|7990|alpino_lc|5741
T#3580|16|1|220|alpino_lc|71
T#3584|9|1|340|alpino_lc|244
T#3594|36|1|4960|alpino_lc|3036
T#3597|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#3600|16|1|5400|alpino_lc|5056
T#3603|34|1|1720|alpino_lc|1250
T#3610|9|1|1320|alpino_lc|1267
T#3611|42|1|1260|alpino_lc|710
T#3612|14|1|490|alpino_lc|322
T#3621|21|1|8420|alpino_lc|4169
T#3625|12|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#3637|28|1|4570|alpino_lc|3476
T#3639|28|1|2040|alpino_lc|878
T#3649|25|1|1290|alpino_lc|472
T#3666|9|1|150|alpino_lc|90
T#3678|25|1|1270|alpino_lc|1481
T#3695|52|1|44860|alpino_lc|16502
T#3711|31|1|1670|alpino_lc|1194
T#3726|37|1|51600|alpino_lc|59277
T#3733|26|1|1330|alpino_lc|293
T#3736|13|1|360|alpino_lc|217
T#3737|17|1|1770|alpino_lc|1759
T#3745|29|1|18170|alpino_lc|25929
T#3746|7|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#3754|26|1|1840|alpino_lc|1749
T#3757|9|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#3766|24|1|860|alpino_lc|395
T#3778|10|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#3779|10|1|200|alpino_lc|158
T#3786|12|1|320|alpino_lc|83
T#3790|39|1|13730|alpino_lc|5351
T#3798|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#3802|28|1|3930|alpino_lc|1598
T#3829|7|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#3833|14|1|890|alpino_lc|756
T#3834|27|1|6020|alpino_lc|4427
T#3839|11|1|200|alpino_lc|58
T#3847|57|1|27930|alpino_lc|4725
T#3849|20|1|1990|alpino_lc|1367
T#3868|14|1|240|alpino_lc|157
T#3875|5|1|130|alpino_lc|26
T#3876|9|1|350|alpino_lc|281
T#3879|23|1|1160|alpino_lc|562
T#3896|5|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#3917|23|1|4330|alpino_lc|2110
T#3926|14|1|250|alpino_lc|76
T#3936|26|1|1440|alpino_lc|815
T#3941|44|1|12020|alpino_lc|14442
T#3953|19|1|1400|alpino_lc|889
T#3963|11|1|330|alpino_lc|166
T#3969|12|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#3978|39|1|45720|alpino_lc|6645
T#3985|12|1|410|alpino_lc|351
T#4001|10|1|630|alpino_lc|396
T#4022|20|1|220|alpino_lc|82
T#4034|8|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#4038|4|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#4073|20|1|410|alpino_lc|450
T#4082|15|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#4084|17|1|650|alpino_lc|602
T#4094|25|1|3300|alpino_lc|916
T#4112|33|1|6200|alpino_lc|4489
T#4170|42|1|7190|alpino_lc|959
T#4172|26|1|2020|alpino_lc|914
T#4178|16|1|980|alpino_lc|881
T#4186|7|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#4197|49|1|35920|alpino_lc|6360
T#4205|12|1|240|alpino_lc|92
T#4210|20|1|340|alpino_lc|141
T#4225|23|1|740|alpino_lc|472
T#4227|12|1|600|alpino_lc|351
T#4238|7|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#4241|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|1486
T#4250|37|1|5750|alpino_lc|2371
T#4295|39|1|59700|alpino_lc|15164
T#4321|24|1|700|alpino_lc|258
T#4336|28|1|1290|alpino_lc|421
T#4347|4|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#4350|10|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#4361|20|1|1810|alpino_lc|1617
T#4378|11|1|210|alpino_lc|175
T#4380|10|1|730|alpino_lc|539
T#4394|30|1|2540|alpino_lc|4602
T#4397|12|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#4398|32|1|38240|alpino_lc|42286
T#4405|10|1|390|alpino_lc|373
T#4411|28|1|1460|alpino_lc|657
T#4415|28|1|970|alpino_lc|318
T#4438|24|1|990|alpino_lc|856
T#4451|25|1|9040|alpino_lc|4665
T#4460|26|1|780|alpino_lc|189
T#4461|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#4468|29|1|1830|alpino_lc|1390
T#4471|15|1|300|alpino_lc|349
T#4474|9|1|950|alpino_lc|1044
T#4495|18|1|1500|alpino_lc|558
T#4498|21|1|1330|alpino_lc|479
T#4508|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#4517|27|1|1410|alpino_lc|800
T#4519|22|1|3360|alpino_lc|814
T#4522|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|773
T#4533|16|1|420|alpino_lc|347
T#4535|7|1|290|alpino_lc|72
T#4544|15|1|350|alpino_lc|299
T#4592|10|1|150|alpino_lc|23
T#4619|11|1|240|alpino_lc|165
T#4638|28|1|970|alpino_lc|312
T#4646|31|1|4620|alpino_lc|4532
T#4659|49|1|10220|alpino_lc|10192
T#4663|18|1|730|alpino_lc|698
T#4683|14|1|170|alpino_lc|70
T#4694|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|514
T#4703|19|1|1200|alpino_lc|685
T#4707|24|1|2020|alpino_lc|1023
T#4714|17|1|250|alpino_lc|357
T#4719|11|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#4724|15|1|370|alpino_lc|98
T#4728|8|1|1680|alpino_lc|154
T#4730|33|1|680|alpino_lc|255
T#4737|35|1|12230|alpino_lc|2197
T#4744|9|1|250|alpino_lc|184
T#4748|13|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#4751|31|1|17260|alpino_lc|7572
T#4754|30|1|6540|alpino_lc|2169
T#4755|15|1|530|alpino_lc|655
T#4776|9|1|370|alpino_lc|305
T#4793|16|1|1130|alpino_lc|1021
T#4816|30|1|19710|alpino_lc|12840
T#4825|10|1|240|alpino_lc|164
T#4843|27|1|4190|alpino_lc|2101
T#4855|17|1|910|alpino_lc|621
T#4869|24|1|13440|alpino_lc|3283
T#4870|37|1|9990|alpino_lc|2924
T#4876|9|1|560|alpino_lc|438
T#4903|6|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#4907|24|1|1160|alpino_lc|801
T#4918|39|1|2470|alpino_lc|1081
T#4928|6|1|210|alpino_lc|26
T#4959|12|1|400|alpino_lc|238
T#4969|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#5006|18|1|560|alpino_lc|314
T#5018|35|1|1520|alpino_lc|1516
T#5025|24|1|11620|alpino_lc|9396
T#5034|20|1|6050|alpino_lc|5657
T#5069|20|1|1380|alpino_lc|1186
T#5082|20|1|6950|alpino_lc|1996
T#5093|41|1|87270|alpino_lc|11002
T#5104|17|1|1330|alpino_lc|894
T#5109|9|1|130|alpino_lc|108
T#5121|36|1|3490|alpino_lc|1000
T#5130|21|1|940|alpino_lc|568
T#5172|21|1|490|alpino_lc|255
T#5177|20|1|570|alpino_lc|567
T#5181|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|335
T#5201|31|1|1930|alpino_lc|1165
T#5240|13|1|3520|alpino_lc|3254
T#5244|9|1|740|alpino_lc|900
T#5246|14|1|260|alpino_lc|154
T#5264|40|1|8820|alpino_lc|7308
T#5265|11|1|310|alpino_lc|231
T#5268|12|1|350|alpino_lc|201
T#5293|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1557
T#5298|29|1|17280|alpino_lc|788
T#5301|37|1|16070|alpino_lc|14639
T#5311|39|1|15300|alpino_lc|6281
T#5335|12|1|160|alpino_lc|42
T#5338|9|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#5345|17|1|240|alpino_lc|147
T#5351|21|1|800|alpino_lc|306
T#5366|15|1|490|alpino_lc|420
T#5367|22|1|1980|alpino_lc|1477
T#5373|12|1|210|alpino_lc|197
T#5377|12|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#5384|9|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#5388|23|1|650|alpino_lc|305
T#5393|29|1|2970|alpino_lc|1071
T#5400|13|1|290|alpino_lc|230
T#5416|11|1|420|alpino_lc|338
T#5441|32|1|23830|alpino_lc|6480
T#5454|20|1|710|alpino_lc|242
T#5457|24|1|990|alpino_lc|373
T#5460|26|1|8930|alpino_lc|12327
T#5476|17|1|490|alpino_lc|242
T#5477|16|1|440|alpino_lc|395
T#5489|16|1|840|alpino_lc|689
T#5503|10|1|280|alpino_lc|207
T#5518|6|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#5529|48|1|23820|alpino_lc|6618
T#5531|12|1|240|alpino_lc|188
T#5546|18|1|570|alpino_lc|316
T#5575|20|1|1920|alpino_lc|854
T#5587|7|1|170|alpino_lc|103
T#5589|16|1|220|alpino_lc|126
T#5609|22|1|2660|alpino_lc|861
T#5615|17|1|970|alpino_lc|804
T#5630|16|1|2180|alpino_lc|2833
T#5650|37|1|7720|alpino_lc|5825
T#5653|20|1|510|alpino_lc|183
T#5657|9|1|520|alpino_lc|404
T#5659|11|1|520|alpino_lc|437
T#5678|20|1|3490|alpino_lc|5066
T#5680|24|1|2020|alpino_lc|689
T#5682|9|1|310|alpino_lc|127
T#5683|23|1|1390|alpino_lc|319
T#5691|24|1|11840|alpino_lc|2111
T#5703|7|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#5710|17|1|1330|alpino_lc|790
T#5717|31|1|11940|alpino_lc|5880
T#5718|28|1|1480|alpino_lc|759
T#5720|21|1|780|alpino_lc|555
T#5728|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#5731|21|1|740|alpino_lc|827
T#5741|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#5747|20|1|540|alpino_lc|154
T#5752|15|1|400|alpino_lc|380
T#5772|60|1|95310|alpino_lc|14677
T#5776|7|1|150|alpino_lc|34
T#5780|18|1|1160|alpino_lc|341
T#5790|4|1|20|alpino_lc|14
T#5799|26|1|480|alpino_lc|272
T#5807|35|1|22960|alpino_lc|8215
T#5833|8|1|210|alpino_lc|167
T#5846|12|1|170|alpino_lc|97
T#5856|10|1|510|alpino_lc|436
T#5857|23|1|560|alpino_lc|331
T#5862|30|1|12070|alpino_lc|3944
T#5868|17|1|490|alpino_lc|580
T#5870|16|1|530|alpino_lc|307
T#5872|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#5873|6|1|60|alpino_lc|43
T#5877|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#5884|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#5887|21|1|9400|alpino_lc|4492
T#5900|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|798
T#5901|21|1|2770|alpino_lc|3037
T#5915|19|1|1700|alpino_lc|1890
T#5918|16|1|890|alpino_lc|676
T#5935|24|1|790|alpino_lc|97
T#5940|40|1|2840|alpino_lc|849
T#5946|15|1|970|alpino_lc|265
T#5956|34|1|15830|alpino_lc|3073
T#5969|25|1|1150|alpino_lc|843
T#5971|41|1|13550|alpino_lc|3663
T#5974|11|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#5998|28|1|850|alpino_lc|476
T#6000|12|1|430|alpino_lc|387
T#6003|7|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#6019|21|1|750|alpino_lc|373
T#6028|16|1|450|alpino_lc|338
T#6054|29|1|1070|alpino_lc|242
T#6057|12|1|470|alpino_lc|369
T#6084|7|1|270|alpino_lc|14
T#6132|22|1|1350|alpino_lc|717
T#6136|16|1|270|alpino_lc|106
T#6148|13|1|540|alpino_lc|731
T#6154|22|1|4510|alpino_lc|3652
T#6164|17|1|1650|alpino_lc|536
T#6165|16|1|190|alpino_lc|49
T#6171|24|1|760|alpino_lc|471
T#6175|16|1|990|alpino_lc|1133
T#6191|8|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#6197|9|1|820|alpino_lc|456
T#6199|14|1|530|alpino_lc|478
T#6224|14|1|130|alpino_lc|22
T#6227|23|1|2400|alpino_lc|1645
T#6240|14|1|330|alpino_lc|228
T#6247|26|1|3570|alpino_lc|3250
T#6252|9|1|250|alpino_lc|39
T#6260|25|1|500|alpino_lc|177
T#6262|15|1|1500|alpino_lc|1609
T#6270|24|1|750|alpino_lc|698
T#6285|14|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#6288|20|1|11050|alpino_lc|6238
T#6291|9|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#6333|40|1|27610|alpino_lc|5042
T#6334|17|1|320|alpino_lc|131
T#6338|9|1|280|alpino_lc|114
T#6341|17|1|990|alpino_lc|312
T#6356|12|1|510|alpino_lc|463
T#6369|21|1|820|alpino_lc|441
T#6377|32|1|24650|alpino_lc|5840
T#6388|26|1|2860|alpino_lc|3822
T#6389|15|1|160|alpino_lc|63
T#6406|19|1|150|alpino_lc|34
T#6427|19|1|1020|alpino_lc|468
T#6435|26|1|12650|alpino_lc|4326
T#6446|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#6473|9|1|250|alpino_lc|312
T#6492|42|1|1540|alpino_lc|733
T#6516|22|1|12390|alpino_lc|7328
T#6547|22|1|3290|alpino_lc|4841
T#6551|12|1|290|alpino_lc|208
T#6557|24|1|910|alpino_lc|633
T#6566|13|1|900|alpino_lc|568
T#6590|34|1|2250|alpino_lc|1428
T#6591|7|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#6616|18|1|810|alpino_lc|719
T#6639|31|1|93150|alpino_lc|58332
T#6640|10|1|510|alpino_lc|492
T#6645|36|1|6090|alpino_lc|6814
T#6663|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|1108
T#6664|14|1|190|alpino_lc|118
T#6671|25|1|590|alpino_lc|145
T#6676|15|1|570|alpino_lc|513
T#6682|27|1|1270|alpino_lc|905
T#6683|17|1|390|alpino_lc|97
T#6689|37|1|15120|alpino_lc|10693
T#6729|30|1|3280|alpino_lc|2572
T#6737|14|1|760|alpino_lc|912
T#6742|11|1|180|alpino_lc|108
T#6746|31|1|840|alpino_lc|536
T#6750|15|1|650|alpino_lc|1379
T#6759|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|916
T#6763|41|1|29210|alpino_lc|7305
T#6767|26|1|2820|alpino_lc|1075
T#6771|15|1|400|alpino_lc|404
T#6815|21|1|680|alpino_lc|421
T#6819|25|1|5740|alpino_lc|3950
T#6827|21|1|2320|alpino_lc|1899
T#6866|23|1|3210|alpino_lc|2092
T#6872|10|1|730|alpino_lc|572
T#6876|25|1|4600|alpino_lc|2694
T#6903|8|1|130|alpino_lc|121
T#6913|11|1|190|alpino_lc|53
T#6918|19|1|2480|alpino_lc|5480
T#6920|15|1|410|alpino_lc|124
T#6938|7|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#6942|19|1|1900|alpino_lc|661
T#6951|25|1|3680|alpino_lc|680
T#6961|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1223
T#6970|22|1|7570|alpino_lc|5167
T#7002|22|1|840|alpino_lc|854
T#7008|17|1|950|alpino_lc|710
T#7010|16|1|15760|alpino_lc|4460
T#7011|25|1|660|alpino_lc|216
T#7017|14|1|440|alpino_lc|327
T#7022|25|1|890|alpino_lc|268
T#7035|17|1|980|alpino_lc|567
T#7056|25|1|1230|alpino_lc|326
T#7082|7|1|240|alpino_lc|211
T#7087|10|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#7088|14|1|980|alpino_lc|1162
T#7090|23|1|970|alpino_lc|697
T#7096|21|1|380|alpino_lc|138
T#7097|13|1|2420|alpino_lc|1464
T#7100|36|1|36890|alpino_lc|3833
T#7115|18|1|340|alpino_lc|213
T#7118|39|1|32700|alpino_lc|12160
T#7121|19|1|320|alpino_lc|257
T#7131|13|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#7138|13|1|160|alpino_lc|156
T#7139|19|1|1410|alpino_lc|1208
T#7141|15|1|1240|alpino_lc|1007
