cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 14760 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9700 msec
cputime total 20450 msec
cputime total 10390 msec
cputime total 52610 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 13630 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 11450 msec
cputime total 14880 msec
cputime total 56860 msec
cputime total 19660 msec
cputime total 11200 msec
cputime total 22080 msec
cputime total 13760 msec
cputime total 30440 msec
cputime total 10740 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 21780 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 17500 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 24420 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 7600 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 27400 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 410 msec
T#1|15|1|510|alpino_lc|251
T#2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|60
T#3|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|920
T#4|13|1|190|alpino_lc|81
T#5|12|1|330|alpino_lc|289
T#6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|53
T#7|12|1|310|alpino_lc|324
T#8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#9|18|1|380|alpino_lc|328
T#10|19|1|500|alpino_lc|558
T#11|11|1|230|alpino_lc|179
T#12|11|1|1510|alpino_lc|2474
T#13|17|1|860|alpino_lc|1153
T#14|20|1|530|alpino_lc|362
T#15|10|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#16|20|1|880|alpino_lc|479
T#17|14|1|330|alpino_lc|286
T#18|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|1976
T#19|11|1|120|alpino_lc|129
T#20|19|1|690|alpino_lc|714
T#21|15|1|280|alpino_lc|188
T#22|10|1|270|alpino_lc|159
T#23|10|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#24|9|1|640|alpino_lc|281
T#25|15|1|1630|alpino_lc|1018
T#26|12|1|930|alpino_lc|426
T#27|11|1|860|alpino_lc|640
T#28|15|1|1690|alpino_lc|765
T#29|13|1|210|alpino_lc|67
T#30|15|1|1150|alpino_lc|1255
T#31|12|1|1520|alpino_lc|817
T#32|13|1|3020|alpino_lc|1769
T#33|15|1|330|alpino_lc|176
T#34|9|1|610|alpino_lc|491
T#35|10|1|490|alpino_lc|229
T#36|13|1|170|alpino_lc|48
T#37|12|1|1900|alpino_lc|926
T#38|10|1|140|alpino_lc|112
T#39|13|1|180|alpino_lc|104
T#40|12|1|490|alpino_lc|316
T#41|14|1|350|alpino_lc|101
T#42|14|1|430|alpino_lc|338
T#43|13|1|240|alpino_lc|125
T#44|7|1|420|alpino_lc|402
T#45|12|1|370|alpino_lc|149
T#46|15|1|220|alpino_lc|198
T#47|15|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#48|7|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#49|7|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#50|9|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#51|9|1|430|alpino_lc|270
T#52|12|1|340|alpino_lc|233
T#53|14|1|3930|alpino_lc|3162
T#54|15|1|570|alpino_lc|483
T#55|13|1|360|alpino_lc|422
T#56|14|1|340|alpino_lc|274
T#57|12|1|220|alpino_lc|218
T#58|9|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#59|12|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#60|6|1|70|alpino_lc|75
T#61|8|1|180|alpino_lc|176
T#62|14|1|1300|alpino_lc|756
T#63|13|1|220|alpino_lc|215
T#64|14|1|910|alpino_lc|666
T#65|12|1|280|alpino_lc|154
T#66|14|1|790|alpino_lc|1024
T#67|15|1|1580|alpino_lc|1315
T#68|15|1|230|alpino_lc|86
T#69|13|1|440|alpino_lc|387
T#70|14|1|1180|alpino_lc|781
T#71|14|1|480|alpino_lc|401
T#72|12|1|850|alpino_lc|791
T#73|10|1|180|alpino_lc|115
T#74|8|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#75|14|1|230|alpino_lc|172
T#76|15|1|340|alpino_lc|207
T#77|12|1|460|alpino_lc|359
T#78|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|861
T#79|9|1|200|alpino_lc|158
T#80|13|1|1110|alpino_lc|950
T#81|14|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#82|12|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#83|10|1|220|alpino_lc|200
T#84|14|1|230|alpino_lc|36
T#85|13|1|450|alpino_lc|421
T#86|14|1|500|alpino_lc|402
T#87|14|1|680|alpino_lc|588
T#88|13|1|270|alpino_lc|197
T#89|15|1|890|alpino_lc|379
T#90|15|1|270|alpino_lc|164
T#91|15|1|550|alpino_lc|405
T#92|12|1|1460|alpino_lc|442
T#93|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#94|12|1|250|alpino_lc|89
T#95|13|1|610|alpino_lc|406
T#96|15|1|1100|alpino_lc|592
T#97|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#98|15|1|1370|alpino_lc|1289
T#99|9|1|140|alpino_lc|154
T#100|12|1|170|alpino_lc|48
T#101|12|1|1020|alpino_lc|1187
T#102|14|1|560|alpino_lc|388
T#103|11|1|180|alpino_lc|69
T#104|15|1|300|alpino_lc|175
T#105|15|1|2330|alpino_lc|1035
T#106|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|1044
T#107|15|1|840|alpino_lc|355
T#108|13|1|680|alpino_lc|901
T#109|14|1|720|alpino_lc|680
T#110|11|1|250|alpino_lc|68
T#111|9|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#112|12|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#113|14|1|340|alpino_lc|194
T#114|13|1|220|alpino_lc|174
T#115|13|1|520|alpino_lc|357
T#116|11|1|260|alpino_lc|97
T#117|11|1|300|alpino_lc|87
T#118|12|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#119|13|1|180|alpino_lc|122
T#120|15|1|960|alpino_lc|414
T#121|15|1|740|alpino_lc|716
T#122|15|1|290|alpino_lc|157
T#123|15|1|280|alpino_lc|250
T#124|11|1|330|alpino_lc|222
T#125|14|1|650|alpino_lc|715
T#126|11|1|500|alpino_lc|276
T#127|12|1|740|alpino_lc|498
T#128|14|1|1770|alpino_lc|1423
T#129|13|1|620|alpino_lc|424
T#130|15|1|250|alpino_lc|81
T#131|13|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#132|14|1|2890|alpino_lc|1539
T#133|13|1|160|alpino_lc|95
T#134|13|1|470|alpino_lc|138
T#135|9|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#136|12|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#137|14|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#138|13|1|780|alpino_lc|156
T#139|12|1|830|alpino_lc|456
T#140|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|794
T#141|15|1|370|alpino_lc|173
T#142|15|1|390|alpino_lc|216
T#143|13|1|480|alpino_lc|212
T#144|14|1|260|alpino_lc|173
T#145|9|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#146|11|1|180|alpino_lc|136
T#147|11|1|160|alpino_lc|100
T#148|13|1|220|alpino_lc|145
T#149|12|1|860|alpino_lc|731
T#150|12|1|530|alpino_lc|96
T#151|15|1|160|alpino_lc|63
T#152|14|1|280|alpino_lc|155
T#153|7|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#154|9|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#155|8|1|180|alpino_lc|181
T#156|9|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#157|11|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#158|13|1|290|alpino_lc|212
T#159|13|1|470|alpino_lc|220
T#160|10|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#161|7|1|110|alpino_lc|74
T#162|10|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#163|14|1|570|alpino_lc|487
T#164|12|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#165|8|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#166|8|1|310|alpino_lc|250
T#167|11|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#168|14|1|290|alpino_lc|265
T#169|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#170|7|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#171|10|1|200|alpino_lc|39
T#172|13|1|740|alpino_lc|608
T#173|8|1|370|alpino_lc|392
T#174|9|1|340|alpino_lc|432
T#175|9|1|340|alpino_lc|432
T#176|11|1|1940|alpino_lc|1403
T#177|7|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#178|7|1|160|alpino_lc|175
T#179|12|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#180|6|1|280|alpino_lc|216
T#181|5|1|70|alpino_lc|65
T#182|9|1|500|alpino_lc|608
T#183|5|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#184|5|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#185|6|1|200|alpino_lc|143
T#186|11|1|1820|alpino_lc|658
T#187|8|1|280|alpino_lc|467
T#188|7|1|150|alpino_lc|185
T#189|6|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#190|14|1|2120|alpino_lc|4665
T#191|19|1|3070|alpino_lc|1261
T#192|21|1|640|alpino_lc|515
T#193|22|1|1460|alpino_lc|2017
T#194|21|1|890|alpino_lc|439
T#195|18|1|3660|alpino_lc|5350
T#196|11|1|300|alpino_lc|214
T#197|20|1|2300|alpino_lc|822
T#198|18|1|1350|alpino_lc|938
T#199|11|1|410|alpino_lc|433
T#200|13|1|910|alpino_lc|454
T#201|14|1|810|alpino_lc|558
T#202|9|1|150|alpino_lc|115
T#203|4|1|40|alpino_lc|34
T#204|15|1|320|alpino_lc|356
T#205|23|1|850|alpino_lc|630
T#206|7|1|70|alpino_lc|106
T#207|8|1|410|alpino_lc|388
T#208|15|1|260|alpino_lc|327
T#209|16|1|350|alpino_lc|427
T#210|5|1|80|alpino_lc|75
T#211|15|1|560|alpino_lc|441
T#212|11|1|600|alpino_lc|721
T#213|13|1|790|alpino_lc|476
T#214|5|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#215|9|1|100|alpino_lc|70
T#216|21|1|360|alpino_lc|263
T#217|13|1|460|alpino_lc|353
T#218|9|1|290|alpino_lc|211
T#219|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#220|7|1|210|alpino_lc|59
T#221|10|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#222|11|1|820|alpino_lc|344
T#223|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|572
T#224|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#225|7|1|220|alpino_lc|70
T#226|8|1|220|alpino_lc|46
T#227|7|1|140|alpino_lc|125
T#228|6|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#229|9|1|340|alpino_lc|195
T#230|10|1|270|alpino_lc|99
T#231|9|1|310|alpino_lc|95
T#232|7|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#233|10|1|280|alpino_lc|116
T#234|9|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#235|7|1|180|alpino_lc|43
T#236|6|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#237|12|1|690|alpino_lc|360
T#238|7|1|210|alpino_lc|70
T#239|9|1|470|alpino_lc|102
T#240|8|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#241|7|1|150|alpino_lc|37
T#242|11|1|390|alpino_lc|74
T#243|9|1|150|alpino_lc|69
T#244|9|1|230|alpino_lc|89
T#245|7|1|180|alpino_lc|70
T#246|8|1|230|alpino_lc|142
T#247|7|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#248|10|1|460|alpino_lc|254
T#249|9|1|360|alpino_lc|213
T#250|7|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#251|6|1|140|alpino_lc|120
T#252|9|1|430|alpino_lc|163
T#253|6|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#254|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#255|9|1|160|alpino_lc|91
T#256|9|1|240|alpino_lc|106
T#257|7|1|280|alpino_lc|45
T#258|7|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#259|8|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#260|7|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#261|10|1|360|alpino_lc|108
T#262|5|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#263|8|1|350|alpino_lc|314
T#264|8|1|170|alpino_lc|17
T#265|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#266|7|1|280|alpino_lc|76
T#267|8|1|350|alpino_lc|203
T#268|6|1|150|alpino_lc|49
T#269|8|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#270|7|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#271|11|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#272|8|1|230|alpino_lc|72
T#273|12|1|700|alpino_lc|454
T#274|7|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#275|10|1|160|alpino_lc|56
T#276|11|1|990|alpino_lc|1312
T#277|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#278|8|1|190|alpino_lc|80
T#279|8|1|150|alpino_lc|115
T#280|8|1|240|alpino_lc|86
T#281|10|1|500|alpino_lc|106
T#282|11|1|510|alpino_lc|291
T#283|9|1|410|alpino_lc|318
T#284|7|1|260|alpino_lc|207
T#285|8|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#286|9|1|380|alpino_lc|129
T#287|7|1|210|alpino_lc|74
T#288|9|1|310|alpino_lc|149
T#289|10|1|450|alpino_lc|137
T#290|7|1|400|alpino_lc|143
T#291|8|1|290|alpino_lc|194
T#292|9|1|560|alpino_lc|197
T#293|12|1|290|alpino_lc|50
T#294|7|1|290|alpino_lc|112
T#295|8|1|230|alpino_lc|90
T#296|9|1|160|alpino_lc|65
T#297|5|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#298|8|1|470|alpino_lc|175
T#299|9|1|160|alpino_lc|42
T#300|10|1|470|alpino_lc|219
T#301|6|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#302|10|1|240|alpino_lc|81
T#303|11|1|970|alpino_lc|543
T#304|8|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#305|7|1|190|alpino_lc|70
T#306|8|1|240|alpino_lc|73
T#307|11|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#308|10|1|730|alpino_lc|232
T#309|7|1|140|alpino_lc|113
T#310|7|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#311|11|1|180|alpino_lc|63
T#312|10|1|390|alpino_lc|244
T#313|9|1|750|alpino_lc|273
T#314|11|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#315|6|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#316|7|1|270|alpino_lc|140
T#317|12|1|820|alpino_lc|327
T#318|10|1|200|alpino_lc|101
T#319|7|1|390|alpino_lc|173
T#320|10|1|390|alpino_lc|218
T#321|9|1|680|alpino_lc|275
T#322|10|1|380|alpino_lc|215
T#323|7|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#324|8|1|150|alpino_lc|48
T#325|7|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#326|12|1|310|alpino_lc|227
T#327|11|1|270|alpino_lc|111
T#328|10|1|170|alpino_lc|108
T#329|9|1|220|alpino_lc|160
T#330|12|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#331|26|1|790|alpino_lc|134
T#332|26|1|550|alpino_lc|119
T#333|17|1|230|alpino_lc|70
T#334|13|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#335|11|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#336|21|1|380|alpino_lc|192
T#337|18|1|1830|alpino_lc|1062
T#338|8|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#339|11|1|960|alpino_lc|875
T#340|15|1|350|alpino_lc|144
T#341|12|1|110|alpino_lc|121
T#342|11|1|120|alpino_lc|85
T#343|12|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#344|19|1|700|alpino_lc|388
T#345|13|1|560|alpino_lc|370
T#346|13|1|340|alpino_lc|63
T#347|14|1|310|alpino_lc|94
T#348|15|1|190|alpino_lc|201
T#349|19|1|300|alpino_lc|361
T#350|10|1|300|alpino_lc|82
T#351|13|1|310|alpino_lc|121
T#352|31|1|14760|alpino_lc|10279
T#353|17|1|6190|alpino_lc|6766
T#354|17|1|510|alpino_lc|239
T#355|41|1|880|alpino_lc|740
T#356|20|1|390|alpino_lc|287
T#357|12|1|250|alpino_lc|173
T#358|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#359|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#360|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#361|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#362|4|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#363|8|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#364|6|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#365|5|1|80|alpino_lc|49
T#366|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#367|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#368|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#369|9|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#370|6|1|110|alpino_lc|57
T#371|6|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#372|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#373|7|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#374|13|1|190|alpino_lc|79
T#375|11|1|280|alpino_lc|211
T#376|9|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#377|7|1|40|alpino_lc|29
T#378|7|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#379|10|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#380|11|1|120|alpino_lc|60
T#381|8|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#382|10|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#383|9|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#384|9|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#385|7|1|160|alpino_lc|18
T#386|5|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#387|4|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#388|5|1|40|alpino_lc|40
T#389|5|1|50|alpino_lc|56
T#390|5|1|30|alpino_lc|32
T#391|5|1|50|alpino_lc|37
T#392|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#393|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#394|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#395|6|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#396|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#397|7|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#398|5|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#399|8|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#400|7|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#401|8|1|140|alpino_lc|103
T#402|15|1|1110|alpino_lc|562
T#403|10|1|340|alpino_lc|190
T#404|17|1|990|alpino_lc|517
T#405|5|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#406|7|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#407|17|1|2650|alpino_lc|1184
T#408|8|1|180|alpino_lc|22
T#409|23|1|9700|alpino_lc|5534
T#410|32|1|20450|alpino_lc|6817
T#411|28|1|10390|alpino_lc|6015
T#412|36|1|52610|alpino_lc|29223
T#413|27|1|6090|alpino_lc|5753
T#414|40|1|13630|alpino_lc|6721
T#415|25|1|2380|alpino_lc|1125
T#416|28|1|11450|alpino_lc|4511
T#417|36|1|14880|alpino_lc|4971
T#418|41|1|56860|alpino_lc|8116
T#419|24|1|19660|alpino_lc|8935
T#420|18|1|11200|alpino_lc|10703
T#421|30|1|22080|alpino_lc|11026
T#422|38|1|13760|alpino_lc|4017
T#423|36|1|30440|alpino_lc|12559
T#424|30|1|10740|alpino_lc|3019
T#425|28|1|9330|alpino_lc|7911
T#426|23|1|5540|alpino_lc|3779
T#427|13|1|680|alpino_lc|462
T#428|28|1|21780|alpino_lc|16070
T#429|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|666
T#430|21|1|17500|alpino_lc|12970
T#431|17|1|3360|alpino_lc|2495
T#432|24|1|24420|alpino_lc|18885
T#433|27|1|3080|alpino_lc|2249
T#434|28|1|5930|alpino_lc|2360
T#435|12|1|580|alpino_lc|277
T#436|25|1|1000|alpino_lc|852
T#437|23|1|7600|alpino_lc|2115
T#438|33|1|10090|alpino_lc|2286
T#439|20|1|400|alpino_lc|343
T#440|21|1|1240|alpino_lc|649
T#441|17|1|500|alpino_lc|406
T#442|26|1|2520|alpino_lc|534
T#443|21|1|1300|alpino_lc|347
T#444|24|1|760|alpino_lc|447
T#445|23|1|3970|alpino_lc|2224
T#446|28|1|3920|alpino_lc|1814
T#447|11|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#448|5|1|10|alpino_lc|7
T#449|12|1|240|alpino_lc|211
T#450|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#451|19|1|4160|alpino_lc|3654
T#452|11|1|130|alpino_lc|108
T#453|6|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#454|14|1|270|alpino_lc|73
T#455|6|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#456|8|1|170|alpino_lc|56
T#457|6|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#458|26|1|3030|alpino_lc|1714
T#459|12|1|180|alpino_lc|49
T#460|25|1|920|alpino_lc|277
T#461|18|1|830|alpino_lc|638
T#462|15|1|360|alpino_lc|114
T#463|14|1|520|alpino_lc|164
T#464|13|1|390|alpino_lc|119
T#465|8|1|250|alpino_lc|241
T#466|11|1|430|alpino_lc|113
T#467|8|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#468|7|1|250|alpino_lc|95
T#469|15|1|1500|alpino_lc|305
T#470|15|1|820|alpino_lc|444
T#471|8|1|310|alpino_lc|101
T#472|9|1|500|alpino_lc|329
T#473|11|1|920|alpino_lc|321
T#474|13|1|470|alpino_lc|87
T#475|10|1|350|alpino_lc|213
T#476|14|1|620|alpino_lc|372
T#477|9|1|460|alpino_lc|196
T#478|15|1|590|alpino_lc|363
T#479|9|1|430|alpino_lc|196
T#480|14|1|430|alpino_lc|285
T#481|14|1|430|alpino_lc|285
T#482|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|1646
T#483|13|1|520|alpino_lc|332
T#484|15|1|430|alpino_lc|122
T#485|15|1|470|alpino_lc|283
T#486|13|1|430|alpino_lc|171
T#487|15|1|560|alpino_lc|259
T#488|14|1|460|alpino_lc|202
T#489|11|1|260|alpino_lc|99
T#490|11|1|260|alpino_lc|102
T#491|10|1|400|alpino_lc|219
T#492|14|1|1020|alpino_lc|1288
T#493|16|1|1940|alpino_lc|816
T#494|10|1|600|alpino_lc|946
T#495|13|1|820|alpino_lc|587
T#496|12|1|790|alpino_lc|637
T#497|16|1|810|alpino_lc|463
T#498|12|1|630|alpino_lc|1167
T#499|14|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#500|8|1|340|alpino_lc|103
T#501|11|1|340|alpino_lc|365
T#502|13|1|1050|alpino_lc|1180
T#503|10|1|170|alpino_lc|36
T#504|9|1|210|alpino_lc|99
T#505|14|1|550|alpino_lc|241
T#506|13|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#507|14|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#508|13|1|410|alpino_lc|269
T#509|14|1|340|alpino_lc|284
T#510|12|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#511|14|1|250|alpino_lc|112
T#512|10|1|600|alpino_lc|582
T#513|11|1|330|alpino_lc|249
T#514|16|1|410|alpino_lc|188
T#515|15|1|690|alpino_lc|388
T#516|13|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#517|16|1|470|alpino_lc|261
T#518|15|1|460|alpino_lc|220
T#519|13|1|340|alpino_lc|360
T#520|12|1|500|alpino_lc|247
T#521|14|1|600|alpino_lc|248
T#522|11|1|260|alpino_lc|99
T#523|12|1|370|alpino_lc|72
T#524|11|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#525|12|1|260|alpino_lc|76
T#526|16|1|700|alpino_lc|518
T#527|16|1|460|alpino_lc|183
T#528|14|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#529|15|1|390|alpino_lc|228
T#530|12|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#531|12|1|210|alpino_lc|62
T#532|10|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#533|6|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#534|8|1|180|alpino_lc|25
T#535|8|1|170|alpino_lc|14
T#536|8|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#537|14|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#538|15|1|690|alpino_lc|645
T#539|8|1|90|alpino_lc|71
T#540|11|1|520|alpino_lc|418
T#541|13|1|420|alpino_lc|619
T#542|13|1|320|alpino_lc|88
T#543|5|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#544|8|1|250|alpino_lc|143
T#545|6|1|130|alpino_lc|154
T#546|11|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#547|10|1|210|alpino_lc|49
T#548|11|1|350|alpino_lc|37
T#549|14|1|390|alpino_lc|60
T#550|11|1|250|alpino_lc|37
T#551|19|1|2520|alpino_lc|547
T#552|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#553|9|1|250|alpino_lc|120
T#554|9|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#555|8|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#556|10|1|630|alpino_lc|1171
T#557|6|1|230|alpino_lc|358
T#558|8|1|80|alpino_lc|73
T#559|10|1|280|alpino_lc|293
T#560|14|1|380|alpino_lc|140
T#561|15|1|290|alpino_lc|73
T#562|15|1|250|alpino_lc|112
T#563|12|1|290|alpino_lc|208
T#564|12|1|330|alpino_lc|397
T#565|7|1|160|alpino_lc|110
T#566|9|1|320|alpino_lc|252
T#567|9|1|350|alpino_lc|392
T#568|11|1|190|alpino_lc|111
T#569|11|1|330|alpino_lc|113
T#570|11|1|190|alpino_lc|139
T#571|9|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#572|12|1|360|alpino_lc|99
T#573|10|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#574|8|1|150|alpino_lc|137
T#575|9|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#576|8|1|300|alpino_lc|75
T#577|15|1|7200|alpino_lc|649
T#578|11|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#579|8|1|210|alpino_lc|271
T#580|9|1|360|alpino_lc|366
T#581|9|1|330|alpino_lc|304
T#582|11|1|210|alpino_lc|23
T#583|14|1|400|alpino_lc|121
T#584|14|1|580|alpino_lc|226
T#585|14|1|230|alpino_lc|49
T#586|13|1|540|alpino_lc|115
T#587|14|1|410|alpino_lc|167
T#588|12|1|210|alpino_lc|36
T#589|13|1|400|alpino_lc|217
T#590|10|1|210|alpino_lc|36
T#591|13|1|260|alpino_lc|39
T#592|13|1|280|alpino_lc|130
T#593|14|1|380|alpino_lc|128
T#594|14|1|450|alpino_lc|87
T#595|13|1|250|alpino_lc|41
T#596|12|1|270|alpino_lc|87
T#597|10|1|210|alpino_lc|260
T#598|10|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#599|12|1|530|alpino_lc|651
T#600|11|1|170|alpino_lc|252
T#601|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#602|8|1|930|alpino_lc|975
T#603|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|2392
T#604|9|1|780|alpino_lc|815
T#605|9|1|310|alpino_lc|270
T#606|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|1343
T#607|17|1|240|alpino_lc|158
T#608|4|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#609|7|1|210|alpino_lc|170
T#610|11|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#611|15|1|560|alpino_lc|270
T#612|6|1|260|alpino_lc|100
T#613|12|1|380|alpino_lc|203
T#614|14|1|440|alpino_lc|299
T#615|12|1|240|alpino_lc|275
T#616|13|1|1530|alpino_lc|738
T#617|14|1|570|alpino_lc|508
T#618|14|1|270|alpino_lc|174
T#619|10|1|380|alpino_lc|132
T#620|15|1|460|alpino_lc|177
T#621|10|1|470|alpino_lc|329
T#622|10|1|490|alpino_lc|144
T#623|14|1|790|alpino_lc|737
T#624|12|1|210|alpino_lc|169
T#625|13|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#626|11|1|330|alpino_lc|350
T#627|13|1|300|alpino_lc|278
T#628|11|1|180|alpino_lc|128
T#629|12|1|300|alpino_lc|346
T#630|12|1|640|alpino_lc|946
T#631|14|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#632|19|1|300|alpino_lc|128
T#633|20|1|1280|alpino_lc|1852
T#634|19|1|3840|alpino_lc|2361
T#635|15|1|320|alpino_lc|207
T#636|9|1|280|alpino_lc|152
T#637|10|1|250|alpino_lc|157
T#638|15|1|3330|alpino_lc|3185
T#639|12|1|230|alpino_lc|475
T#640|15|1|200|alpino_lc|116
T#641|15|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#642|11|1|210|alpino_lc|212
T#643|13|1|320|alpino_lc|128
T#644|19|1|500|alpino_lc|282
T#645|10|1|2270|alpino_lc|1628
T#646|12|1|450|alpino_lc|262
T#647|13|1|280|alpino_lc|158
T#648|15|1|510|alpino_lc|483
T#649|8|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#650|15|1|350|alpino_lc|536
T#651|9|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#652|12|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#653|12|1|420|alpino_lc|343
T#654|15|1|840|alpino_lc|676
T#655|7|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#656|8|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#657|11|1|220|alpino_lc|234
T#658|12|1|130|alpino_lc|108
T#659|18|1|4650|alpino_lc|6816
T#660|13|1|540|alpino_lc|488
T#661|16|1|370|alpino_lc|202
T#662|7|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#663|11|1|710|alpino_lc|1192
T#664|10|1|180|alpino_lc|162
T#665|8|1|250|alpino_lc|87
T#666|10|1|180|alpino_lc|54
T#667|10|1|640|alpino_lc|186
T#668|12|1|2580|alpino_lc|758
T#669|12|1|5610|alpino_lc|777
T#670|15|1|2550|alpino_lc|1038
T#671|15|1|1640|alpino_lc|510
T#672|10|1|1530|alpino_lc|438
T#673|9|1|480|alpino_lc|250
T#674|7|1|260|alpino_lc|103
T#675|14|1|27400|alpino_lc|1107
T#676|12|1|380|alpino_lc|119
T#677|11|1|280|alpino_lc|180
T#678|12|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#679|16|1|800|alpino_lc|368
T#680|5|1|60|alpino_lc|104
T#681|7|1|110|alpino_lc|104
T#682|7|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#683|7|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#684|8|1|140|alpino_lc|83
T#685|8|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#686|15|1|160|alpino_lc|50
T#687|9|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#688|15|1|420|alpino_lc|149
T#689|18|1|350|alpino_lc|193
T#690|17|1|300|alpino_lc|149
T#691|19|1|740|alpino_lc|259
T#692|10|1|570|alpino_lc|279
T#693|3|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#694|7|1|100|alpino_lc|99
T#695|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|642
T#696|7|1|250|alpino_lc|77
T#697|12|1|650|alpino_lc|529
T#698|14|1|230|alpino_lc|51
T#699|15|1|450|alpino_lc|137
T#700|15|1|830|alpino_lc|718
T#701|8|1|150|alpino_lc|100
T#702|10|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#703|12|1|200|alpino_lc|132
T#704|11|1|350|alpino_lc|295
T#705|11|1|310|alpino_lc|204
T#706|9|1|140|alpino_lc|31
T#707|14|1|360|alpino_lc|124
T#708|10|1|720|alpino_lc|607
T#709|13|1|930|alpino_lc|677
T#710|16|1|400|alpino_lc|97
T#711|12|1|220|alpino_lc|47
T#712|15|1|330|alpino_lc|215
T#713|12|1|460|alpino_lc|289
T#714|16|1|250|alpino_lc|154
T#715|10|1|180|alpino_lc|125
T#716|11|1|180|alpino_lc|120
T#717|10|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#718|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|1131
T#719|7|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#720|7|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#721|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#722|10|1|300|alpino_lc|60
T#723|11|1|340|alpino_lc|62
T#724|17|1|760|alpino_lc|156
T#725|9|1|150|alpino_lc|88
T#726|8|1|150|alpino_lc|190
T#727|18|1|380|alpino_lc|283
T#728|14|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#729|10|1|220|alpino_lc|154
T#730|12|1|490|alpino_lc|738
T#731|8|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#732|10|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#733|9|1|260|alpino_lc|79
T#734|9|1|300|alpino_lc|209
T#735|16|1|570|alpino_lc|500
T#736|16|1|970|alpino_lc|1187
T#737|19|1|300|alpino_lc|66
T#738|12|1|300|alpino_lc|92
T#739|9|1|200|alpino_lc|29
T#740|15|1|340|alpino_lc|285
T#741|21|1|700|alpino_lc|615
T#742|12|1|550|alpino_lc|432
T#743|11|1|260|alpino_lc|117
T#744|7|1|330|alpino_lc|325
T#745|8|1|500|alpino_lc|560
T#746|6|1|190|alpino_lc|159
T#747|6|1|190|alpino_lc|159
T#748|10|1|730|alpino_lc|268
T#749|7|1|180|alpino_lc|200
T#750|8|1|280|alpino_lc|312
T#751|10|1|260|alpino_lc|173
T#752|7|1|100|alpino_lc|13
T#753|9|1|170|alpino_lc|35
T#754|12|1|220|alpino_lc|49
T#755|9|1|120|alpino_lc|96
T#756|10|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#757|11|1|350|alpino_lc|797
T#758|16|1|650|alpino_lc|724
T#759|9|1|500|alpino_lc|457
T#760|12|1|860|alpino_lc|611
T#761|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#762|9|1|390|alpino_lc|267
T#763|8|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#764|15|1|830|alpino_lc|1403
T#765|10|1|180|alpino_lc|72
T#766|8|1|140|alpino_lc|16
T#767|14|1|250|alpino_lc|79
T#768|11|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#769|5|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#770|14|1|220|alpino_lc|151
T#771|12|1|260|alpino_lc|97
T#772|18|1|390|alpino_lc|65
T#773|10|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#774|12|1|320|alpino_lc|320
T#775|6|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#776|8|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#777|10|1|410|alpino_lc|374
T#778|7|1|320|alpino_lc|280
T#779|15|1|320|alpino_lc|289
T#780|7|1|280|alpino_lc|127
T#781|6|1|180|alpino_lc|159
T#782|13|1|210|alpino_lc|205
T#783|17|1|480|alpino_lc|411
T#784|12|1|160|alpino_lc|27
T#785|9|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#786|14|1|190|alpino_lc|87
T#787|14|1|380|alpino_lc|65
T#788|15|1|620|alpino_lc|426
T#789|13|1|240|alpino_lc|25
T#790|12|1|400|alpino_lc|204
T#791|11|1|270|alpino_lc|146
T#792|9|1|420|alpino_lc|429
T#793|8|1|320|alpino_lc|377
T#794|10|1|640|alpino_lc|191
T#795|14|1|540|alpino_lc|83
T#796|11|1|370|alpino_lc|33
T#797|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#798|6|1|50|alpino_lc|35
T#799|7|1|80|alpino_lc|62
T#800|6|1|330|alpino_lc|183
T#801|8|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#802|13|1|870|alpino_lc|735
T#803|8|1|200|alpino_lc|24
T#804|12|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#805|8|1|230|alpino_lc|153
T#806|9|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#807|9|1|310|alpino_lc|470
T#808|27|1|1060|alpino_lc|1269
T#809|17|1|240|alpino_lc|118
T#810|19|1|430|alpino_lc|138
T#811|18|1|220|alpino_lc|92
T#812|13|1|280|alpino_lc|73
T#813|15|1|350|alpino_lc|160
T#814|18|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#815|13|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#816|17|1|300|alpino_lc|172
T#817|18|1|410|alpino_lc|181
T#818|17|1|450|alpino_lc|240
T#819|18|1|330|alpino_lc|71
T#820|15|1|300|alpino_lc|77
T#821|21|1|900|alpino_lc|331
T#822|14|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#823|13|1|260|alpino_lc|204
T#824|19|1|820|alpino_lc|621
T#825|17|1|450|alpino_lc|157
T#826|17|1|460|alpino_lc|125
T#827|16|1|350|alpino_lc|56
T#828|14|1|120|alpino_lc|71
T#829|18|1|530|alpino_lc|553
T#830|19|1|2080|alpino_lc|1884
T#831|16|1|620|alpino_lc|663
T#832|16|1|2170|alpino_lc|924
T#833|20|1|1620|alpino_lc|376
T#834|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|1243
T#835|18|1|790|alpino_lc|1561
T#836|17|1|440|alpino_lc|334
T#837|19|1|520|alpino_lc|309
T#838|17|1|370|alpino_lc|259
T#839|19|1|640|alpino_lc|552
T#840|11|1|280|alpino_lc|86
T#841|13|1|1300|alpino_lc|392
T#842|14|1|570|alpino_lc|341
T#843|12|1|200|alpino_lc|120
T#844|10|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#845|14|1|210|alpino_lc|212
T#846|14|1|350|alpino_lc|100
T#847|12|1|300|alpino_lc|135
T#848|9|1|80|alpino_lc|54
T#849|14|1|210|alpino_lc|331
T#850|14|1|540|alpino_lc|403
T#851|14|1|270|alpino_lc|173
T#852|11|1|190|alpino_lc|114
T#853|13|1|250|alpino_lc|126
T#854|13|1|430|alpino_lc|255
T#855|25|1|1640|alpino_lc|2568
T#856|25|1|2030|alpino_lc|2769
T#857|19|1|2020|alpino_lc|3984
T#858|23|1|540|alpino_lc|342
T#859|22|1|1490|alpino_lc|1101
T#860|19|1|1920|alpino_lc|1726
T#861|17|1|410|alpino_lc|286
T#862|16|1|350|alpino_lc|194
T#863|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|706
T#864|14|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#865|14|1|310|alpino_lc|187
T#866|19|1|1810|alpino_lc|723
T#867|13|1|330|alpino_lc|115
T#868|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|1594
T#869|15|1|990|alpino_lc|519
T#870|20|1|710|alpino_lc|493
T#871|11|1|410|alpino_lc|217
T#872|13|1|960|alpino_lc|1236
T#873|19|1|710|alpino_lc|717
T#874|13|1|460|alpino_lc|668
T#875|11|1|950|alpino_lc|875
T#876|15|1|700|alpino_lc|948
T#877|12|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#878|13|1|650|alpino_lc|1287
T#879|14|1|600|alpino_lc|490
T#880|14|1|560|alpino_lc|322
T#881|15|1|230|alpino_lc|58
T#882|17|1|310|alpino_lc|188
T#883|23|1|850|alpino_lc|466
T#884|12|1|760|alpino_lc|349
T#885|19|1|250|alpino_lc|224
T#886|21|1|240|alpino_lc|89
T#887|8|1|450|alpino_lc|310
T#888|8|1|230|alpino_lc|37
T#889|9|1|150|alpino_lc|81
T#890|13|1|200|alpino_lc|146
T#891|17|1|540|alpino_lc|104
T#892|19|1|500|alpino_lc|579
T#893|12|1|190|alpino_lc|153
T#894|12|1|170|alpino_lc|103
T#895|16|1|270|alpino_lc|148
T#896|8|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#897|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|1165
T#898|15|1|350|alpino_lc|193
T#899|12|1|180|alpino_lc|140
T#900|12|1|290|alpino_lc|100
T#901|14|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#902|15|1|240|alpino_lc|72
T#903|8|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#904|10|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#905|10|1|190|alpino_lc|144
T#906|12|1|660|alpino_lc|581
T#907|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#908|6|1|90|alpino_lc|62
T#909|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#910|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#911|6|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#912|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#913|6|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#914|6|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#915|6|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#916|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#917|6|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#918|7|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#919|11|1|250|alpino_lc|128
T#920|7|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#921|14|1|360|alpino_lc|325
T#922|10|1|140|alpino_lc|96
T#923|16|1|610|alpino_lc|953
T#924|12|1|430|alpino_lc|317
T#925|11|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#926|13|1|310|alpino_lc|228
T#927|12|1|400|alpino_lc|154
T#928|16|1|540|alpino_lc|514
T#929|14|1|140|alpino_lc|127
T#930|15|1|220|alpino_lc|136
T#931|18|1|430|alpino_lc|87
T#932|9|1|310|alpino_lc|181
T#933|16|1|200|alpino_lc|50
T#934|15|1|1540|alpino_lc|947
T#935|22|1|1440|alpino_lc|463
T#936|14|1|240|alpino_lc|143
T#937|18|1|260|alpino_lc|56
T#938|19|1|770|alpino_lc|523
T#939|16|1|580|alpino_lc|145
T#940|10|1|230|alpino_lc|194
T#941|7|1|90|alpino_lc|58
T#942|9|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#943|13|1|120|alpino_lc|67
T#944|18|1|210|alpino_lc|136
T#945|10|1|350|alpino_lc|181
T#946|10|1|190|alpino_lc|116
T#947|7|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#948|11|1|110|alpino_lc|78
T#949|10|1|980|alpino_lc|479
T#950|8|1|210|alpino_lc|264
T#951|13|1|760|alpino_lc|581
T#952|12|1|440|alpino_lc|340
T#953|17|1|1170|alpino_lc|998
T#954|10|1|320|alpino_lc|334
T#955|13|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#956|13|1|220|alpino_lc|147
T#957|10|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#958|10|1|160|alpino_lc|35
T#959|10|1|180|alpino_lc|140
T#960|10|1|310|alpino_lc|8
T#961|13|1|720|alpino_lc|276
T#962|13|1|190|alpino_lc|75
T#963|14|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#964|11|1|230|alpino_lc|26
T#965|11|1|140|alpino_lc|11
T#966|11|1|110|alpino_lc|25
T#967|13|1|390|alpino_lc|50
T#968|10|1|190|alpino_lc|50
T#969|14|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#970|10|1|180|alpino_lc|23
T#971|10|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#972|12|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#973|9|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#974|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#975|15|1|600|alpino_lc|363
T#976|15|1|500|alpino_lc|298
T#977|16|1|350|alpino_lc|86
T#978|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#979|7|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#980|11|1|480|alpino_lc|248
T#981|7|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#982|12|1|620|alpino_lc|385
T#983|12|1|1640|alpino_lc|1440
T#984|16|1|490|alpino_lc|247
T#985|16|1|1230|alpino_lc|480
T#986|17|1|1770|alpino_lc|1266
T#987|13|1|1470|alpino_lc|277
T#988|12|1|330|alpino_lc|230
T#989|19|1|1870|alpino_lc|2078
T#990|7|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#991|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|1073
T#992|8|1|170|alpino_lc|31
T#993|10|1|560|alpino_lc|147
T#994|18|1|500|alpino_lc|296
T#995|15|1|1430|alpino_lc|760
T#996|15|1|180|alpino_lc|137
T#997|14|1|320|alpino_lc|56
T#998|6|1|190|alpino_lc|144
T#999|4|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#1000|7|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#1001|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#1002|6|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#1003|8|1|340|alpino_lc|160
T#1004|8|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#1005|10|1|300|alpino_lc|100
T#1006|12|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#1007|12|1|230|alpino_lc|42
T#1008|9|1|180|alpino_lc|12
T#1009|9|1|150|alpino_lc|97
T#1010|12|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#1011|9|1|220|alpino_lc|15
T#1012|8|1|180|alpino_lc|144
T#1013|9|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#1014|9|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#1015|10|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#1016|10|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#1017|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#1018|13|1|1530|alpino_lc|456
T#1019|7|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#1020|16|1|330|alpino_lc|105
T#1021|16|1|420|alpino_lc|363
T#1022|16|1|460|alpino_lc|418
T#1023|11|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#1024|21|1|1500|alpino_lc|4310
T#1025|17|1|2540|alpino_lc|816
T#1026|11|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#1027|11|1|230|alpino_lc|133
T#1028|12|1|150|alpino_lc|90
T#1029|15|1|170|alpino_lc|118
T#1030|12|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#1031|10|1|240|alpino_lc|74
T#1032|17|1|260|alpino_lc|49
T#1033|8|1|80|alpino_lc|62
T#1034|12|1|260|alpino_lc|218
T#1035|14|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#1036|16|1|210|alpino_lc|157
T#1037|12|1|180|alpino_lc|20
T#1038|7|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#1039|8|1|170|alpino_lc|129
T#1040|10|1|130|alpino_lc|95
T#1041|20|1|520|alpino_lc|402
T#1042|9|1|90|alpino_lc|71
T#1043|15|1|220|alpino_lc|178
T#1044|11|1|630|alpino_lc|638
T#1045|7|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#1046|8|1|240|alpino_lc|161
T#1047|10|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#1048|7|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#1049|8|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#1050|8|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#1051|12|1|470|alpino_lc|320
T#1052|16|1|240|alpino_lc|239
T#1053|19|1|310|alpino_lc|238
T#1054|9|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#1055|14|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#1056|13|1|210|alpino_lc|155
T#1057|8|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#1058|10|1|420|alpino_lc|347
T#1059|13|1|150|alpino_lc|122
T#1060|8|1|90|alpino_lc|106
T#1061|9|1|110|alpino_lc|107
T#1062|15|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#1063|9|1|360|alpino_lc|303
T#1064|7|1|190|alpino_lc|146
T#1065|9|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#1066|15|1|210|alpino_lc|61
T#1067|9|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#1068|9|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#1069|15|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#1070|14|1|280|alpino_lc|190
T#1071|7|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#1072|9|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#1073|12|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#1074|7|1|40|alpino_lc|28
T#1075|10|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#1076|18|1|180|alpino_lc|43
T#1077|11|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#1078|10|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#1079|10|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#1080|13|1|790|alpino_lc|380
T#1081|14|1|190|alpino_lc|164
T#1082|11|1|190|alpino_lc|137
T#1083|13|1|390|alpino_lc|396
T#1084|16|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#1085|13|1|380|alpino_lc|489
T#1086|10|1|370|alpino_lc|415
T#1087|9|1|90|alpino_lc|88
T#1088|12|1|290|alpino_lc|143
T#1089|11|1|230|alpino_lc|53
T#1090|13|1|500|alpino_lc|301
T#1091|19|1|600|alpino_lc|220
T#1092|12|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#1093|18|1|1240|alpino_lc|935
T#1094|18|1|760|alpino_lc|607
T#1095|11|1|400|alpino_lc|258
T#1096|15|1|540|alpino_lc|469
T#1097|11|1|240|alpino_lc|367
T#1098|14|1|330|alpino_lc|215
T#1099|16|1|570|alpino_lc|317
T#1100|11|1|320|alpino_lc|41
T#1101|11|1|500|alpino_lc|85
T#1102|14|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#1103|8|1|240|alpino_lc|122
T#1104|9|1|340|alpino_lc|290
T#1105|11|1|720|alpino_lc|376
T#1106|13|1|410|alpino_lc|231
T#1107|9|1|180|alpino_lc|29
T#1108|17|1|780|alpino_lc|747
T#1109|15|1|360|alpino_lc|200
T#1110|9|1|690|alpino_lc|660
T#1111|9|1|180|alpino_lc|186
T#1112|12|1|450|alpino_lc|269
T#1113|11|1|210|alpino_lc|47
T#1114|7|1|200|alpino_lc|215
T#1115|15|1|260|alpino_lc|226
T#1116|13|1|340|alpino_lc|126
T#1117|7|1|90|alpino_lc|57
T#1118|9|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#1119|8|1|410|alpino_lc|903
T#1120|14|1|1790|alpino_lc|1084
T#1121|6|1|80|alpino_lc|94
T#1122|15|1|450|alpino_lc|516
T#1123|15|1|1370|alpino_lc|1168
T#1124|10|1|360|alpino_lc|170
T#1125|12|1|660|alpino_lc|350
T#1126|16|1|280|alpino_lc|98
T#1127|21|1|560|alpino_lc|135
T#1128|15|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#1129|15|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#1130|14|1|460|alpino_lc|171
T#1131|12|1|170|alpino_lc|229
T#1132|10|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#1133|13|1|440|alpino_lc|469
T#1134|11|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#1135|10|1|290|alpino_lc|234
T#1136|6|1|200|alpino_lc|73
T#1137|10|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#1138|10|1|1080|alpino_lc|603
T#1139|6|1|80|alpino_lc|110
T#1140|6|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#1141|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#1142|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#1143|6|1|90|alpino_lc|80
T#1144|10|1|160|alpino_lc|31
T#1145|11|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#1146|11|1|730|alpino_lc|210
T#1147|6|1|80|alpino_lc|74
T#1148|10|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#1149|7|1|50|alpino_lc|35
T#1150|10|1|290|alpino_lc|143
T#1151|13|1|440|alpino_lc|469
T#1152|8|1|80|alpino_lc|95
T#1153|21|1|1050|alpino_lc|559
T#1154|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#1155|15|1|1720|alpino_lc|680
T#1156|14|1|670|alpino_lc|754
T#1157|7|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#1158|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#1159|10|1|230|alpino_lc|143
T#1160|7|1|130|alpino_lc|113
T#1161|10|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#1162|11|1|290|alpino_lc|99
T#1163|11|1|200|alpino_lc|231
T#1164|9|1|120|alpino_lc|161
T#1165|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#1166|10|1|250|alpino_lc|83
T#1167|10|1|320|alpino_lc|173
T#1168|8|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#1169|6|1|90|alpino_lc|85
T#1170|7|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#1171|14|1|300|alpino_lc|215
T#1172|6|1|100|alpino_lc|81
T#1173|10|1|320|alpino_lc|29
T#1174|6|1|110|alpino_lc|96
T#1175|12|1|220|alpino_lc|245
T#1176|9|1|200|alpino_lc|196
T#1177|7|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#1178|7|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#1179|8|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#1180|11|1|200|alpino_lc|203
T#1181|7|1|210|alpino_lc|285
T#1182|11|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#1183|10|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#1184|7|1|60|alpino_lc|44
T#1185|8|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#1186|11|1|200|alpino_lc|51
T#1187|11|1|120|alpino_lc|98
T#1188|11|1|320|alpino_lc|265
T#1189|12|1|390|alpino_lc|136
T#1190|13|1|500|alpino_lc|240
T#1191|13|1|1320|alpino_lc|1299
T#1192|10|1|260|alpino_lc|169
T#1193|14|1|2270|alpino_lc|1529
T#1194|15|1|920|alpino_lc|838
T#1195|11|1|180|alpino_lc|251
T#1196|13|1|210|alpino_lc|120
T#1197|13|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#1198|9|1|340|alpino_lc|411
T#1199|14|1|350|alpino_lc|217
T#1200|13|1|170|alpino_lc|80
T#1201|10|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#1202|11|1|370|alpino_lc|156
T#1203|8|1|100|alpino_lc|126
T#1204|12|1|160|alpino_lc|159
T#1205|14|1|260|alpino_lc|180
T#1206|13|1|280|alpino_lc|165
T#1207|14|1|190|alpino_lc|102
T#1208|9|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#1209|10|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#1210|12|1|270|alpino_lc|200
T#1211|11|1|160|alpino_lc|82
T#1212|6|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#1213|14|1|200|alpino_lc|55
T#1214|10|1|190|alpino_lc|148
T#1215|14|1|270|alpino_lc|372
T#1216|13|1|1380|alpino_lc|1339
T#1217|12|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#1218|10|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#1219|14|1|270|alpino_lc|83
T#1220|13|1|670|alpino_lc|1287
T#1221|10|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#1222|13|1|200|alpino_lc|84
T#1223|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|394
T#1224|10|1|270|alpino_lc|47
T#1225|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|458
T#1226|15|1|430|alpino_lc|240
T#1227|28|1|650|alpino_lc|160
T#1228|15|1|290|alpino_lc|92
T#1229|18|1|610|alpino_lc|586
T#1230|14|1|1240|alpino_lc|427
T#1231|11|1|210|alpino_lc|52
T#1232|6|1|220|alpino_lc|51
T#1233|6|1|180|alpino_lc|63
T#1234|24|1|690|alpino_lc|334
T#1235|13|1|90|alpino_lc|48
T#1236|15|1|200|alpino_lc|118
T#1237|8|1|70|alpino_lc|56
T#1238|14|1|1240|alpino_lc|356
T#1239|14|1|460|alpino_lc|266
T#1240|13|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#1241|10|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#1242|10|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#1243|13|1|310|alpino_lc|116
T#1244|17|1|440|alpino_lc|329
T#1245|15|1|500|alpino_lc|336
T#1246|14|1|2040|alpino_lc|2552
T#1247|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#1248|11|1|850|alpino_lc|1063
T#1249|11|1|230|alpino_lc|214
T#1250|14|1|3310|alpino_lc|2635
T#1251|13|1|610|alpino_lc|584
T#1252|8|1|120|alpino_lc|95
T#1253|12|1|630|alpino_lc|343
T#1254|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#1255|15|1|930|alpino_lc|521
T#1256|11|1|480|alpino_lc|60
T#1257|12|1|330|alpino_lc|373
T#1258|11|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#1259|10|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#1260|11|1|300|alpino_lc|158
T#1261|11|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#1262|16|1|410|alpino_lc|226
T#1263|10|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#1264|17|1|270|alpino_lc|176
T#1265|9|1|150|alpino_lc|72
T#1266|9|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#1267|9|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#1268|10|1|480|alpino_lc|255
T#1269|9|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#1270|9|1|240|alpino_lc|65
T#1271|9|1|190|alpino_lc|35
T#1272|10|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#1273|17|1|430|alpino_lc|453
T#1274|18|1|1150|alpino_lc|565
T#1275|5|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#1276|12|1|900|alpino_lc|492
T#1277|11|1|300|alpino_lc|457
T#1278|15|1|340|alpino_lc|166
T#1279|6|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#1280|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|1734
T#1281|9|1|400|alpino_lc|336
T#1282|11|1|270|alpino_lc|277
T#1283|16|1|270|alpino_lc|186
T#1284|13|1|270|alpino_lc|287
T#1285|8|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#1286|8|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#1287|15|1|360|alpino_lc|288
T#1288|10|1|180|alpino_lc|188
T#1289|16|1|310|alpino_lc|190
T#1290|9|1|120|alpino_lc|154
T#1291|9|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#1292|14|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#1293|13|1|300|alpino_lc|242
T#1294|18|1|480|alpino_lc|187
T#1295|12|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#1296|18|1|530|alpino_lc|192
T#1297|11|1|170|alpino_lc|139
T#1298|9|1|90|alpino_lc|54
T#1299|11|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#1300|13|1|300|alpino_lc|411
T#1301|7|1|40|alpino_lc|29
T#1302|16|1|590|alpino_lc|315
T#1303|14|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#1304|13|1|510|alpino_lc|245
T#1305|19|1|510|alpino_lc|543
T#1306|16|1|420|alpino_lc|301
T#1307|14|1|440|alpino_lc|517
T#1308|15|1|790|alpino_lc|395
T#1309|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|1360
T#1310|18|1|980|alpino_lc|549
T#1311|12|1|500|alpino_lc|354
T#1312|10|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#1313|7|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#1314|12|1|260|alpino_lc|185
T#1315|9|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#1316|12|1|90|alpino_lc|57
T#1317|17|1|1570|alpino_lc|1462
T#1318|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|1359
T#1319|11|1|1640|alpino_lc|1405
T#1320|14|1|410|alpino_lc|273
