cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 32540 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 644940 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 9580 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 229490 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 73870 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 82090 msec
cputime total 21420 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 209880 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 98970 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 10440 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 54830 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 18680 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 421920 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 11760 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 19730 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 30710 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 19730 msec
cputime total 8310 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 82890 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 9430 msec
cputime total 7050 msec
cputime total 10640 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 37470 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 108660 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 10780 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 15140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 72220 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 230360 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 14100 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 8530 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 10370 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 16630 msec
cputime total 11390 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 49700 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 141800 msec
cputime total 22520 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 156100 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 8990 msec
cputime total 151690 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 7710 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 9300 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 20800 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 31800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 46000 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 662600 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 27460 msec
cputime total 62820 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 900210 msec
cputime total 9780 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 37600 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 21440 msec
cputime total 80040 msec
cputime total 32270 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 22520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 14140 msec
cputime total 23860 msec
cputime total 17450 msec
cputime total 64870 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 232050 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 10160 msec
cputime total 18420 msec
cputime total 55640 msec
cputime total 35380 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 53120 msec
cputime total 77230 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7060 msec
cputime total 391740 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 43090 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 73000 msec
cputime total 22790 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 26630 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 10330 msec
cputime total 72300 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 61400 msec
cputime total 19800 msec
cputime total 200940 msec
cputime total 31510 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 124840 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 14890 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 23360 msec
cputime total 31130 msec
cputime total 900110 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 124920 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 54660 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 20070 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 589230 msec
cputime total 36190 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 22400 msec
cputime total 37250 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 17670 msec
cputime total 6990 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 553950 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 123980 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 381960 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 343870 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 7860 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 16770 msec
cputime total 25680 msec
cputime total 83270 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 53850 msec
cputime total 15960 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 77310 msec
cputime total 37590 msec
cputime total 10130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 10390 msec
cputime total 11150 msec
cputime total 17500 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70450 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 17370 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 50550 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 116730 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 6250 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 900140 msec
cputime total 24120 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 28380 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 24670 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 32140 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 28480 msec
cputime total 15060 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 9900 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 74880 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 8190 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 23810 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 13270 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 28400 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 217310 msec
cputime total 7920 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 8880 msec
cputime total 14060 msec
cputime total 13690 msec
cputime total 82890 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 43860 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 466460 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 23670 msec
cputime total 12560 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 31290 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 900150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 14850 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 12010 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 500960 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 38130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 32480 msec
cputime total 36510 msec
cputime total 48910 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 33960 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 11490 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 12260 msec
cputime total 48500 msec
cputime total 162740 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 25130 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 27900 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 64420 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 64990 msec
cputime total 260540 msec
cputime total 10970 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 78030 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 20060 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 50440 msec
cputime total 31800 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 46580 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 900150 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5490 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 8420 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 58620 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 89300 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 6400 msec
cputime total 37560 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 16790 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 542560 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 632690 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 19160 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 314440 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 45520 msec
cputime total 900310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 26200 msec
cputime total 10800 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 23320 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 12970 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 8790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 14370 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 12750 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 17110 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 44090 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 12280 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 25460 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 11240 msec
cputime total 241590 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 41360 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 463360 msec
cputime total 10270 msec
cputime total 24030 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 233510 msec
cputime total 385410 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 125000 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 11010 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 900150 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 897510 msec
cputime total 15230 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 64030 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 14410 msec
cputime total 897250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 70390 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 14140 msec
cputime total 9770 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 55030 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 245980 msec
cputime total 7240 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 28590 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 127780 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 200340 msec
cputime total 17330 msec
cputime total 12690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140520 msec
cputime total 28400 msec
cputime total 245040 msec
cputime total 18250 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 7690 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 96670 msec
cputime total 27150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 48840 msec
cputime total 24480 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 81540 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 70380 msec
cputime total 7750 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 14760 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 22420 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 578300 msec
cputime total 45390 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 8670 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 21170 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 73970 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 9560 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 7450 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 772120 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 11610 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 15760 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 22740 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 15030 msec
cputime total 95030 msec
cputime total 44520 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 22680 msec
cputime total 80710 msec
cputime total 9170 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 61500 msec
cputime total 10170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 279630 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 41320 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 454440 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 20270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 62770 msec
cputime total 185440 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 251500 msec
cputime total 94660 msec
cputime total 57770 msec
cputime total 8990 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 73420 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 9460 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 22200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 39200 msec
cputime total 30890 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 11050 msec
cputime total 12260 msec
cputime total 11900 msec
cputime total 31160 msec
cputime total 888870 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 10000 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 58990 msec
cputime total 12350 msec
cputime total 141510 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 67850 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 25250 msec
cputime total 35240 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 73240 msec
cputime total 32240 msec
cputime total 8340 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 8340 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 7440 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 171720 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 19160 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 25220 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 52820 msec
cputime total 507950 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 6550 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 28190 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 14610 msec
cputime total 9480 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 7310 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 351530 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 28010 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 98430 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 43160 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 74170 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 40900 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 7290 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 9490 msec
cputime total 98940 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 82610 msec
cputime total 105550 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 9790 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 29490 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 16220 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 64030 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 160450 msec
cputime total 39060 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 19910 msec
cputime total 372530 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 530 msec
T#1|7|2|190|alpino_lc|75
T#2|8|4|400|alpino_lc|122
T#3|11|1|720|alpino_lc|299
T#4|7|8|440|alpino_lc|174
T#5|17|2554|32540|alpino_lc|5759
T#6|14|70|1170|alpino_lc|705
T#7|8|25|760|alpino_lc|563
T#8|9|2|160|alpino_lc|63
T#9|10|42|1340|alpino_lc|507
T#10|21|81956|644940|alpino_lc|56675
T#11|12|24|860|alpino_lc|276
T#12|13|352|9580|alpino_lc|4239
T#13|8|10|320|alpino_lc|108
T#14|9|12|670|alpino_lc|308
T#15|23|36612|229490|alpino_lc|19290
T#16|16|40|5420|alpino_lc|2287
T#17|12|392|9660|alpino_lc|3191
T#18|13|550|3760|alpino_lc|1116
T#19|9|178|3860|alpino_lc|2216
T#20|5|9|180|alpino_lc|76
T#21|19|78|1940|alpino_lc|721
T#22|15|8|2600|alpino_lc|2414
T#23|8|14|380|alpino_lc|164
T#24|10|69|1320|alpino_lc|889
T#25|18|10411|73870|alpino_lc|12500
T#26|15|148|5700|alpino_lc|1407
T#27|23|14088|82090|alpino_lc|31350
T#28|14|354|21420|alpino_lc|6851
T#29|16|343|3290|alpino_lc|815
T#30|13|67|2360|alpino_lc|1516
T#31|8|11|370|alpino_lc|168
T#32|18|382|5010|alpino_lc|1838
T#33|11|16|1590|alpino_lc|487
T#34|7|12|800|alpino_lc|534
T#35|22|10235|209880|alpino_lc|43558
T#36|10|223|2470|alpino_lc|689
T#37|13|92|3180|alpino_lc|1235
T#38|13|3662|98970|alpino_lc|66024
T#39|12|496|4820|alpino_lc|1405
T#40|9|44|1480|alpino_lc|543
T#41|14|26|1170|alpino_lc|269
T#42|5|10|230|alpino_lc|43
T#43|11|40|1310|alpino_lc|861
T#44|9|24|1290|alpino_lc|902
T#45|8|250|3050|alpino_lc|1099
T#46|15|242|10440|alpino_lc|3052
T#47|13|7|1270|alpino_lc|628
T#48|9|10|1260|alpino_lc|469
T#49|12|1568|8900|alpino_lc|3391
T#50|7|79|2010|alpino_lc|695
T#51|16|29|1540|alpino_lc|628
T#52|9|4|230|alpino_lc|42
T#53|15|2400|20260|alpino_lc|6897
T#54|6|6|150|alpino_lc|58
T#55|9|121|5520|alpino_lc|2366
T#56|14|5|1110|alpino_lc|691
T#57|12|36|4010|alpino_lc|1875
T#58|8|67|970|alpino_lc|394
T#59|13|42|2660|alpino_lc|2312
T#60|7|4|210|alpino_lc|40
T#61|22|3471|54830|alpino_lc|4889
T#62|16|18|1030|alpino_lc|445
T#63|14|552|18680|alpino_lc|6438
T#64|10|23|1280|alpino_lc|493
T#65|19|48244|421920|alpino_lc|24458
T#66|10|12|790|alpino_lc|290
T#67|11|432|11760|alpino_lc|3538
T#68|9|28|1300|alpino_lc|465
T#69|14|22|1090|alpino_lc|466
T#70|19|1818|19730|alpino_lc|7727
T#71|12|274|8780|alpino_lc|1054
T#72|11|58|1370|alpino_lc|384
T#73|14|1627|30710|alpino_lc|9735
T#74|8|11|590|alpino_lc|300
T#75|9|30|480|alpino_lc|213
T#76|13|522|5730|alpino_lc|1669
T#77|17|1492|19730|alpino_lc|3492
T#78|11|650|8310|alpino_lc|3552
T#79|9|47|1280|alpino_lc|825
T#80|25|15673|82890|alpino_lc|14426
T#81|7|24|1220|alpino_lc|601
T#82|9|24|390|alpino_lc|56
T#83|8|18|550|alpino_lc|292
T#84|8|10|480|alpino_lc|232
T#85|15|486|9430|alpino_lc|4452
T#86|17|643|7050|alpino_lc|4197
T#87|10|2224|10640|alpino_lc|2598
T#88|9|24|1000|alpino_lc|426
T#89|11|29|3990|alpino_lc|1365
T#90|9|3|400|alpino_lc|132
T#91|20|724|37470|alpino_lc|15461
T#92|9|54|530|alpino_lc|128
T#93|20|19684|108660|alpino_lc|52023
T#94|11|19|1370|alpino_lc|477
T#95|10|168|1550|alpino_lc|715
T#96|16|144|10780|alpino_lc|3798
T#97|9|4|380|alpino_lc|169
T#98|8|10|580|alpino_lc|291
T#99|14|8|850|alpino_lc|300
T#100|14|1458|12870|alpino_lc|2562
T#101|16|930|15140|alpino_lc|4099
T#102|8|34|200|alpino_lc|86
T#103|9|524|4620|alpino_lc|1919
T#104|11|268|1210|alpino_lc|437
T#105|9|6|460|alpino_lc|232
T#106|21|1529|72220|alpino_lc|9610
T#107|12|3|790|alpino_lc|349
T#108|7|14|840|alpino_lc|361
T#109|13|36|3680|alpino_lc|2206
T#110|9|17|840|alpino_lc|277
T#111|7|24|1220|alpino_lc|601
T#112|9|68|470|alpino_lc|167
T#113|14|340|3630|alpino_lc|1568
T#114|8|16|410|alpino_lc|297
T#115|17|27352|230360|alpino_lc|23002
T#116|12|14|1030|alpino_lc|628
T#117|20|1460|14100|alpino_lc|3279
T#118|9|22|1000|alpino_lc|541
T#119|8|39|1510|alpino_lc|427
T#120|6|76|1920|alpino_lc|568
T#121|9|168|3100|alpino_lc|1590
T#122|9|102|660|alpino_lc|170
T#123|23|880|7090|alpino_lc|3404
T#124|8|10|430|alpino_lc|225
T#125|10|90|1420|alpino_lc|858
T#126|9|4|470|alpino_lc|150
T#127|13|441|8530|alpino_lc|2137
T#128|9|10|590|alpino_lc|371
T#129|15|212|3230|alpino_lc|1635
T#130|10|25|1140|alpino_lc|360
T#131|9|24|970|alpino_lc|667
T#132|10|6|550|alpino_lc|140
T#133|17|764|10370|alpino_lc|5142
T#134|9|30|1370|alpino_lc|460
T#135|6|8|480|alpino_lc|157
T#136|12|918|7250|alpino_lc|2213
T#137|19|24|670|alpino_lc|294
T#138|10|134|4330|alpino_lc|1043
T#139|17|1372|16630|alpino_lc|5305
T#140|18|396|11390|alpino_lc|5560
T#141|10|206|1870|alpino_lc|622
T#142|9|16|220|alpino_lc|92
T#143|18|7842|49700|alpino_lc|5831
T#144|15|1491|9300|alpino_lc|2350
T#145|10|127|1670|alpino_lc|742
T#146|7|12|490|alpino_lc|386
T#147|15|5990|141800|alpino_lc|5728
T#148|13|1024|22520|alpino_lc|15881
T#149|16|32|2040|alpino_lc|1639
T#150|11|4|1360|alpino_lc|392
T#151|15|102|2460|alpino_lc|1269
T#152|7|12|470|alpino_lc|295
T#153|12|97|2720|alpino_lc|1607
T#154|11|81|1060|alpino_lc|512
T#155|6|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#156|18|19242|156100|alpino_lc|30101
T#157|7|10|280|alpino_lc|80
T#158|11|94|8990|alpino_lc|3089
T#159|16|44560|151690|alpino_lc|9870
T#160|8|12|880|alpino_lc|342
T#161|14|356|4170|alpino_lc|2269
T#162|7|12|470|alpino_lc|295
T#163|11|160|7710|alpino_lc|2228
T#164|13|74|990|alpino_lc|669
T#165|4|3|190|alpino_lc|82
T#166|9|12|920|alpino_lc|313
T#167|8|6|560|alpino_lc|272
T#168|9|226|9300|alpino_lc|6229
T#169|14|522|12100|alpino_lc|5722
T#170|9|4|300|alpino_lc|96
T#171|10|84|1690|alpino_lc|528
T#172|9|62|3750|alpino_lc|1218
T#173|17|198|3380|alpino_lc|1669
T#174|7|11|470|alpino_lc|253
T#175|8|3|160|alpino_lc|65
T#176|12|69|3260|alpino_lc|1280
T#177|12|168|1670|alpino_lc|1285
T#178|15|174|3420|alpino_lc|1611
T#179|15|260|7040|alpino_lc|2498
T#180|11|2|850|alpino_lc|163
T#181|15|104|2990|alpino_lc|1208
T#182|10|236|9120|alpino_lc|1654
T#184|12|72|4320|alpino_lc|1449
T#185|16|7558|20800|alpino_lc|814
T#186|13|286|3780|alpino_lc|1094
T#187|6|11|1410|alpino_lc|728
T#188|21|8928|31800|alpino_lc|5744
T#189|8|2|160|alpino_lc|61
T#190|11|2|450|alpino_lc|148
T#191|20|2808|46000|alpino_lc|30549
T#192|9|174|4320|alpino_lc|1590
T#193|9|10|300|alpino_lc|197
T#194|10|33|1090|alpino_lc|349
T#195|8|4|230|alpino_lc|80
T#196|11|24|1160|alpino_lc|469
T#197|9|2|170|alpino_lc|58
T#198|12|232|2940|alpino_lc|1151
T#199|9|14|1020|alpino_lc|660
T#200|13|48|750|alpino_lc|544
T#201|20|183009|662600|alpino_lc|21033
T#202|7|24|1150|alpino_lc|601
T#203|18|3458|27460|alpino_lc|5414
T#204|21|1014|62820|alpino_lc|9208
T#205|10|24|360|alpino_lc|322
T#206|11|96|1790|alpino_lc|410
T#207|21|time_out|900210|alpino_lc|33842
T#208|13|624|9780|alpino_lc|3796
T#209|12|80|1500|alpino_lc|802
T#210|6|10|300|alpino_lc|168
T#211|14|48|2100|alpino_lc|1114
T#212|7|24|1140|alpino_lc|601
T#213|21|4482|37600|alpino_lc|4586
T#214|9|26|1440|alpino_lc|604
T#215|11|20|3400|alpino_lc|3230
T#216|16|30|2580|alpino_lc|1483
T#217|17|1596|21440|alpino_lc|12976
T#218|21|10156|80040|alpino_lc|10217
T#219|12|2750|32270|alpino_lc|2670
T#221|9|10|510|alpino_lc|394
T#222|9|128|2370|alpino_lc|1317
T#223|21|2160|22520|alpino_lc|5994
T#224|5|6|270|alpino_lc|91
T#225|7|6|90|alpino_lc|35
T#226|13|216|880|alpino_lc|350
T#227|8|78|1310|alpino_lc|624
T#228|12|888|14140|alpino_lc|4478
T#229|16|923|23860|alpino_lc|6962
T#230|14|1272|17450|alpino_lc|6307
T#231|15|1600|64870|alpino_lc|4412
T#232|16|522|7160|alpino_lc|3698
T#233|9|32|880|alpino_lc|404
T#234|18|13281|232050|alpino_lc|17792
T#235|7|20|900|alpino_lc|381
T#236|9|43|810|alpino_lc|563
T#237|12|164|3200|alpino_lc|1899
T#238|13|228|3790|alpino_lc|2061
T#239|13|95|1910|alpino_lc|1318
T#240|11|1336|10160|alpino_lc|2745
T#241|16|1399|18420|alpino_lc|3912
T#242|19|2236|55640|alpino_lc|13897
T#243|14|6335|35380|alpino_lc|8646
T#244|8|3|760|alpino_lc|451
T#245|15|8805|53120|alpino_lc|8576
T#246|22|18012|77230|alpino_lc|6260
T#247|19|168|1700|alpino_lc|591
T#248|10|34|1150|alpino_lc|680
T#249|10|206|1310|alpino_lc|796
T#250|9|416|3820|alpino_lc|1398
T#251|8|10|450|alpino_lc|262
T#252|10|58|1960|alpino_lc|752
T#253|11|22|1470|alpino_lc|841
T#254|6|4|220|alpino_lc|96
T#255|10|468|7060|alpino_lc|1615
T#256|17|33320|391740|alpino_lc|134368
T#257|14|66|2550|alpino_lc|968
T#258|7|15|940|alpino_lc|346
T#259|11|188|1910|alpino_lc|841
T#260|14|5748|43090|alpino_lc|7358
T#261|18|150|3810|alpino_lc|1762
T#262|19|6604|73000|alpino_lc|15513
T#263|15|3580|22790|alpino_lc|6064
T#264|7|12|650|alpino_lc|534
T#265|19|3637|26630|alpino_lc|5542
T#266|11|184|3600|alpino_lc|1373
T#267|12|152|3900|alpino_lc|1566
T#268|9|130|1260|alpino_lc|531
T#269|15|1272|5850|alpino_lc|1988
T#270|12|2080|10330|alpino_lc|2422
T#271|22|10522|72300|alpino_lc|14086
T#272|12|66|2720|alpino_lc|801
T#273|14|424|3160|alpino_lc|1517
T#274|7|10|240|alpino_lc|102
T#275|8|12|660|alpino_lc|535
T#276|22|7098|61400|alpino_lc|20638
T#277|14|2224|19800|alpino_lc|6957
T#278|17|16276|200940|alpino_lc|42738
T#279|18|418|31510|alpino_lc|17005
T#280|10|40|910|alpino_lc|491
T#281|17|21067|124840|alpino_lc|12557
T#282|10|28|1620|alpino_lc|671
T#283|11|29|1350|alpino_lc|879
T#284|10|44|1790|alpino_lc|802
T#285|7|80|4060|alpino_lc|1170
T#286|10|46|1180|alpino_lc|367
T#287|11|21|2470|alpino_lc|1007
T#288|12|32|870|alpino_lc|269
T#289|19|1908|14890|alpino_lc|4725
T#290|7|1|260|alpino_lc|239
T#291|18|6384|23360|alpino_lc|4412
T#292|18|166|31130|alpino_lc|12942
T#293|23|time_out|900110|alpino_lc|166381
T#294|12|266|1590|alpino_lc|685
T#295|10|20|1340|alpino_lc|1127
T#297|16|439|5970|alpino_lc|2109
T#298|19|25254|124920|alpino_lc|14788
T#300|7|1|250|alpino_lc|239
T#301|8|36|1040|alpino_lc|436
T#302|12|110|1470|alpino_lc|523
T#303|19|2091|54660|alpino_lc|12412
T#304|8|34|3490|alpino_lc|1736
T#305|10|2|530|alpino_lc|212
T#306|16|10|3920|alpino_lc|2415
T#307|10|54|790|alpino_lc|431
T#308|15|1698|20070|alpino_lc|6408
T#309|15|996|5090|alpino_lc|1115
T#310|6|4|80|alpino_lc|39
T#311|22|53328|589230|alpino_lc|73585
T#312|19|7457|36190|alpino_lc|5342
T#313|10|80|3000|alpino_lc|1124
T#314|9|15|720|alpino_lc|361
T#315|18|32|1820|alpino_lc|595
T#316|9|72|980|alpino_lc|496
T#317|21|1228|22400|alpino_lc|7128
T#318|13|2126|37250|alpino_lc|34435
T#319|13|9|2750|alpino_lc|1593
T#320|9|59|1070|alpino_lc|425
T#321|12|88|1450|alpino_lc|1004
T#322|13|192|2240|alpino_lc|967
T#323|13|218|7630|alpino_lc|1723
T#324|10|3|700|alpino_lc|386
T#325|13|445|4920|alpino_lc|2559
T#326|19|8|1070|alpino_lc|251
T#327|15|1394|17670|alpino_lc|3345
T#328|16|196|6990|alpino_lc|1405
T#329|14|29|2470|alpino_lc|919
T#330|8|7|970|alpino_lc|556
T#331|20|35999|553950|alpino_lc|43923
T#332|16|248|2660|alpino_lc|1034
T#333|18|21740|123980|alpino_lc|17678
T#334|11|28|850|alpino_lc|511
T#335|22|94540|381960|alpino_lc|19338
T#336|20|450|6090|alpino_lc|3536
T#337|7|8|270|alpino_lc|201
T#338|17|78845|343870|alpino_lc|36317
T#339|12|347|3420|alpino_lc|1676
T#340|11|8|2000|alpino_lc|721
T#341|11|607|3950|alpino_lc|1107
T#342|11|178|7860|alpino_lc|1747
T#343|15|60|4770|alpino_lc|1187
T#344|8|10|280|alpino_lc|198
T#345|13|33|2130|alpino_lc|1392
T#346|11|40|1840|alpino_lc|853
T#347|14|208|2750|alpino_lc|1128
T#348|15|600|16770|alpino_lc|7626
T#349|19|304|25680|alpino_lc|16882
T#350|14|180|83270|alpino_lc|2950
T#351|9|20|1110|alpino_lc|555
T#352|19|7316|53850|alpino_lc|7897
T#353|17|2082|15960|alpino_lc|3045
T#354|11|352|3120|alpino_lc|1334
T#355|10|108|1450|alpino_lc|844
T#356|13|550|3860|alpino_lc|1116
T#357|12|77|1750|alpino_lc|569
T#358|8|24|1260|alpino_lc|705
T#359|6|2|120|alpino_lc|31
T#360|10|366|6690|alpino_lc|2169
T#361|7|56|1020|alpino_lc|347
T#362|15|428|6040|alpino_lc|3951
T#363|8|46|1020|alpino_lc|548
T#364|6|8|360|alpino_lc|172
T#365|13|196|2080|alpino_lc|921
T#366|11|46|1140|alpino_lc|773
T#367|18|4124|77310|alpino_lc|14916
T#368|14|1415|37590|alpino_lc|12188
T#369|15|704|10130|alpino_lc|4721
T#370|9|5|900|alpino_lc|264
T#371|16|604|10390|alpino_lc|3796
T#372|15|720|11150|alpino_lc|2746
T#373|16|538|17500|alpino_lc|6159
T#374|11|352|2950|alpino_lc|1334
T#375|7|8|770|alpino_lc|265
T#376|17|12|960|alpino_lc|410
T#377|12|12|370|alpino_lc|123
T#378|9|20|640|alpino_lc|484
T#379|13|3|280|alpino_lc|195
T#380|20|7509|70450|alpino_lc|22144
T#381|17|768|4370|alpino_lc|2533
T#382|8|18|770|alpino_lc|414
T#383|12|178|2700|alpino_lc|1171
T#384|14|436|4080|alpino_lc|3165
T#385|15|76|1680|alpino_lc|891
T#386|24|3564|17370|alpino_lc|2652
T#387|13|147|2050|alpino_lc|363
T#388|17|12624|50550|alpino_lc|7406
T#389|14|236|2910|alpino_lc|772
T#390|5|7|360|alpino_lc|181
T#391|22|8735|116730|alpino_lc|38250
T#392|12|1392|11700|alpino_lc|1875
T#393|10|44|1580|alpino_lc|891
T#394|13|148|1050|alpino_lc|1283
T#395|10|1208|5640|alpino_lc|1517
T#396|13|354|4000|alpino_lc|1145
T#397|8|37|1220|alpino_lc|389
T#398|11|130|6250|alpino_lc|3962
T#399|12|48|4630|alpino_lc|2332
T#400|8|4|260|alpino_lc|165
T#401|23|time_out|900140|alpino_lc|227292
T#402|15|1780|24120|alpino_lc|12179
T#403|13|356|2950|alpino_lc|1602
T#404|7|8|330|alpino_lc|167
T#405|18|2843|28380|alpino_lc|4793
T#406|15|30|2510|alpino_lc|1308
T#407|20|8496|24670|alpino_lc|2340
T#408|8|6|510|alpino_lc|197
T#409|13|87|1820|alpino_lc|1023
T#410|14|90|5250|alpino_lc|2390
T#412|16|2916|32140|alpino_lc|17413
T#413|12|442|2930|alpino_lc|1173
T#414|17|3529|28480|alpino_lc|11720
T#415|14|1711|15060|alpino_lc|9831
T#416|17|144|2730|alpino_lc|2182
T#417|12|147|3500|alpino_lc|402
T#418|14|176|1570|alpino_lc|853
T#419|10|40|1270|alpino_lc|684
T#420|10|8|510|alpino_lc|139
T#421|10|28|1590|alpino_lc|634
T#422|14|92|9900|alpino_lc|2706
T#423|8|16|480|alpino_lc|317
T#424|11|123|5020|alpino_lc|1549
T#425|10|28|450|alpino_lc|144
T#426|18|1177|74880|alpino_lc|27062
T#427|13|732|8370|alpino_lc|8719
T#428|10|88|1550|alpino_lc|1092
T#429|14|524|8190|alpino_lc|3702
T#430|12|36|5090|alpino_lc|2326
T#431|16|1149|23810|alpino_lc|2860
T#432|15|816|8170|alpino_lc|2496
T#433|11|52|930|alpino_lc|469
T#434|8|18|520|alpino_lc|242
T#435|9|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#436|9|30|760|alpino_lc|477
T#437|7|2|180|alpino_lc|50
T#438|13|296|7520|alpino_lc|3611
T#439|8|44|420|alpino_lc|209
T#440|11|40|1000|alpino_lc|696
T#441|16|2240|13270|alpino_lc|5897
T#442|7|26|440|alpino_lc|241
T#443|13|201|5410|alpino_lc|2829
T#444|13|1876|28400|alpino_lc|4282
T#445|10|3|1160|alpino_lc|1121
T#446|9|43|1850|alpino_lc|744
T#447|18|23513|217310|alpino_lc|33601
T#448|16|719|7920|alpino_lc|1681
T#449|14|12|830|alpino_lc|456
T#450|10|861|3810|alpino_lc|960
T#451|12|263|4830|alpino_lc|2160
T#452|11|71|1500|alpino_lc|763
T#453|12|571|8880|alpino_lc|9292
T#454|18|2021|14060|alpino_lc|6475
T#455|18|2521|13690|alpino_lc|3019
T#456|21|17049|82890|alpino_lc|17379
T#457|12|101|5670|alpino_lc|3301
T#458|14|5404|43860|alpino_lc|7150
T#459|8|92|1350|alpino_lc|639
T#460|9|40|2170|alpino_lc|1147
T#461|13|104|2420|alpino_lc|1364
T#462|22|27805|466460|alpino_lc|81556
T#463|12|75|1580|alpino_lc|1030
T#464|12|106|1470|alpino_lc|622
T#465|9|22|1360|alpino_lc|761
T#466|19|3140|23670|alpino_lc|3147
T#467|13|264|12560|alpino_lc|1978
T#468|8|1|240|alpino_lc|129
T#469|12|34|2490|alpino_lc|1668
T#470|7|5|330|alpino_lc|137
T#471|13|176|4460|alpino_lc|1499
T#472|6|38|860|alpino_lc|427
T#473|22|3064|31290|alpino_lc|10892
T#474|10|39|2820|alpino_lc|1202
T#475|10|167|2640|alpino_lc|773
T#476|13|114|3050|alpino_lc|915
T#477|14|1332|6100|alpino_lc|2114
T#478|23|time_out|900150|alpino_lc|319582
T#479|12|2|320|alpino_lc|159
T#480|10|8|350|alpino_lc|193
T#481|8|24|660|alpino_lc|322
T#482|15|110|2960|alpino_lc|1837
T#483|14|98|2450|alpino_lc|1365
T#484|15|1454|14850|alpino_lc|4887
T#485|11|58|3510|alpino_lc|1681
T#486|11|27|370|alpino_lc|157
T#487|9|68|4650|alpino_lc|1049
T#488|7|7|100|alpino_lc|29
T#489|12|224|12010|alpino_lc|2759
T#490|5|13|510|alpino_lc|204
T#491|9|8|280|alpino_lc|192
T#492|21|119046|500960|alpino_lc|20090
T#493|20|810|6620|alpino_lc|4652
T#494|9|13|560|alpino_lc|176
T#495|8|44|1710|alpino_lc|1021
T#496|18|8798|38130|alpino_lc|5422
T#497|7|14|380|alpino_lc|260
T#498|12|308|7230|alpino_lc|2971
T#499|14|12|1640|alpino_lc|733
T#500|16|2270|32480|alpino_lc|5576
T#501|16|5094|36510|alpino_lc|5617
T#502|15|3744|48910|alpino_lc|15497
T#503|15|556|9390|alpino_lc|3575
T#504|14|552|4530|alpino_lc|2413
T#505|12|413|4920|alpino_lc|1860
T#506|13|1|2120|alpino_lc|894
T#507|17|1880|33960|alpino_lc|13592
T#508|13|74|1320|alpino_lc|639
T#509|13|854|11490|alpino_lc|3215
T#510|12|258|4330|alpino_lc|1149
T#511|18|640|12260|alpino_lc|2192
T#512|16|5374|48500|alpino_lc|20263
T#513|21|6736|162740|alpino_lc|21172
T#514|10|468|10230|alpino_lc|4113
T#515|11|22|790|alpino_lc|596
T#516|8|2|420|alpino_lc|173
T#517|16|2951|25130|alpino_lc|6495
T#518|11|148|7200|alpino_lc|1651
T#519|22|3665|27900|alpino_lc|14709
T#520|4|3|220|alpino_lc|82
T#521|12|32|470|alpino_lc|329
T#522|15|3310|64420|alpino_lc|22031
T#523|8|1|270|alpino_lc|189
T#524|8|22|2270|alpino_lc|890
T#525|13|6|1060|alpino_lc|462
T#526|24|13320|64990|alpino_lc|12342
T#527|23|65940|260540|alpino_lc|4880
T#528|14|705|10970|alpino_lc|7017
T#529|10|64|1680|alpino_lc|1057
T#530|10|64|3030|alpino_lc|1777
T#531|11|51|1190|alpino_lc|669
T#532|17|1845|78030|alpino_lc|26699
T#533|12|129|2290|alpino_lc|1060
T#534|8|24|1610|alpino_lc|933
T#535|12|662|5280|alpino_lc|3192
T#536|13|320|2230|alpino_lc|661
T#537|13|840|7960|alpino_lc|1942
T#538|11|1908|20060|alpino_lc|6807
T#539|11|122|3680|alpino_lc|2072
T#540|14|200|4550|alpino_lc|1725
T#541|21|10924|50440|alpino_lc|8117
T#542|22|2664|31800|alpino_lc|15932
T#543|13|216|2460|alpino_lc|1991
T#544|8|11|420|alpino_lc|224
T#545|17|1562|46580|alpino_lc|22770
T#546|15|276|3800|alpino_lc|1423
T#547|23|time_out|900150|alpino_lc|51229
T#548|16|112|2810|alpino_lc|1342
T#549|12|40|1130|alpino_lc|833
T#550|11|99|8980|alpino_lc|2191
T#551|8|8|270|alpino_lc|192
T#552|15|275|5490|alpino_lc|4664
T#553|15|126|4070|alpino_lc|2086
T#554|8|24|2280|alpino_lc|908
T#555|17|24|690|alpino_lc|449
T#556|13|6|320|alpino_lc|165
T#557|13|772|5960|alpino_lc|3005
T#558|11|289|1110|alpino_lc|283
T#559|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|571
T#560|10|180|6930|alpino_lc|1264
T#561|9|20|620|alpino_lc|377
T#562|17|620|8420|alpino_lc|5348
T#563|13|76|1710|alpino_lc|1224
T#564|8|18|480|alpino_lc|292
T#565|16|6828|58620|alpino_lc|9718
T#566|12|3|190|alpino_lc|93
T#567|19|16874|89300|alpino_lc|13747
T#568|11|32|1380|alpino_lc|566
T#569|8|8|510|alpino_lc|426
T#570|8|51|1090|alpino_lc|419
T#571|11|112|3350|alpino_lc|1031
T#572|17|330|6400|alpino_lc|4993
T#573|15|1078|37560|alpino_lc|8808
T#574|8|166|4220|alpino_lc|1377
T#575|12|20|1070|alpino_lc|190
T#576|18|1634|16790|alpino_lc|2697
T#577|9|17|1330|alpino_lc|500
T#578|23|2832|542560|alpino_lc|157915
T#579|14|938|5410|alpino_lc|2314
T#580|20|88072|632690|alpino_lc|30785
T#581|12|16|670|alpino_lc|551
T#582|11|646|10250|alpino_lc|4359
T#583|17|748|19160|alpino_lc|12551
T#584|7|12|650|alpino_lc|534
T#585|10|58|2220|alpino_lc|1076
T#586|16|421|7640|alpino_lc|3449
T#587|18|90670|314440|alpino_lc|7922
T#588|8|10|580|alpino_lc|264
T#589|10|24|2170|alpino_lc|1477
T#590|11|3|950|alpino_lc|292
T#591|6|5|110|alpino_lc|47
T#592|17|7658|45520|alpino_lc|11864
T#593|25|time_out|900310|alpino_lc|52432
T#594|8|3|690|alpino_lc|451
T#595|11|30|740|alpino_lc|457
T#596|17|614|8820|alpino_lc|4835
T#597|13|1892|26200|alpino_lc|4020
T#598|16|536|10800|alpino_lc|5884
T#599|10|579|5960|alpino_lc|2351
T#600|15|3168|23320|alpino_lc|5138
T#601|11|39|1950|alpino_lc|742
T#602|17|2981|12970|alpino_lc|3969
T#604|12|56|2230|alpino_lc|1790
T#605|13|26|980|alpino_lc|421
T#606|17|202|9420|alpino_lc|1808
T#607|12|296|8790|alpino_lc|1770
T#608|9|16|700|alpino_lc|316
T#609|13|54|1330|alpino_lc|1044
T#610|6|2|90|alpino_lc|22
T#611|23|874|14370|alpino_lc|8812
T#612|12|53|1120|alpino_lc|545
T#613|17|3916|12750|alpino_lc|3557
T#614|13|22|770|alpino_lc|588
T#615|12|277|7380|alpino_lc|2031
T#616|16|98|17110|alpino_lc|6481
T#617|10|63|1990|alpino_lc|981
T#618|6|8|160|alpino_lc|64
T#619|15|360|2670|alpino_lc|2095
T#620|10|20|2230|alpino_lc|1095
T#621|11|80|1220|alpino_lc|554
T#622|13|110|1910|alpino_lc|1036
T#623|11|40|910|alpino_lc|511
T#624|8|3|710|alpino_lc|451
T#625|8|28|1930|alpino_lc|972
T#626|18|14|3560|alpino_lc|1905
T#627|11|59|1670|alpino_lc|844
T#628|14|101|1370|alpino_lc|443
T#629|14|68|3660|alpino_lc|2849
T#630|14|135|3840|alpino_lc|2229
T#631|8|8|380|alpino_lc|190
T#632|15|206|4380|alpino_lc|3343
T#633|17|5742|44090|alpino_lc|12644
T#634|18|504|6950|alpino_lc|2664
T#635|6|4|420|alpino_lc|216
T#636|11|129|2530|alpino_lc|1042
T#637|16|770|12280|alpino_lc|2844
T#638|12|204|3440|alpino_lc|2725
T#639|20|2684|25460|alpino_lc|7948
T#640|13|12|890|alpino_lc|310
T#641|8|8|260|alpino_lc|152
T#642|23|1578|11240|alpino_lc|4538
T#643|20|18604|241590|alpino_lc|30896
T#644|7|18|610|alpino_lc|330
T#645|22|6798|41360|alpino_lc|2761
T#646|6|6|160|alpino_lc|67
T#647|16|98980|463360|alpino_lc|25757
T#648|13|94|10270|alpino_lc|3275
T#649|20|242|24030|alpino_lc|3873
T#650|9|7|260|alpino_lc|147
T#651|6|6|260|alpino_lc|181
T#652|13|176|4340|alpino_lc|3774
T#653|10|215|3980|alpino_lc|1494
T#654|9|40|700|alpino_lc|234
T#655|11|532|4250|alpino_lc|1709
T#656|9|40|1190|alpino_lc|1032
T#657|21|31542|233510|alpino_lc|13382
T#658|25|78820|385410|alpino_lc|17808
T#659|15|234|5110|alpino_lc|2273
T#660|11|42|960|alpino_lc|574
T#661|8|8|320|alpino_lc|224
T#662|15|18943|125000|alpino_lc|23943
T#663|12|122|2260|alpino_lc|967
T#664|7|5|390|alpino_lc|169
T#665|12|242|3240|alpino_lc|1482
T#666|17|362|11010|alpino_lc|4942
T#667|25|48|6350|alpino_lc|1402
T#668|13|408|7760|alpino_lc|2790
T#669|10|18|640|alpino_lc|269
T#670|13|29|2690|alpino_lc|1244
T#671|16|14|2840|alpino_lc|2052
T#672|11|182|5660|alpino_lc|1293
T#673|21|time_out|900150|alpino_lc|196293
T#674|9|22|1590|alpino_lc|870
T#675|7|24|1180|alpino_lc|601
T#676|25|time_out|897510|alpino_lc|102156
T#677|14|1837|15230|alpino_lc|3368
T#678|12|168|3160|alpino_lc|978
T#679|14|28|1600|alpino_lc|1566
T#680|20|8964|64030|alpino_lc|10518
T#681|12|47|780|alpino_lc|627
T#682|13|211|14410|alpino_lc|6822
T#683|24|time_out|897250|alpino_lc|53761
T#684|5|4|120|alpino_lc|40
T#685|12|195|3190|alpino_lc|2442
T#686|16|6962|70390|alpino_lc|22174
T#687|14|54|3910|alpino_lc|1472
T#688|13|258|14140|alpino_lc|3957
T#689|14|153|9770|alpino_lc|5935
T#690|8|256|2220|alpino_lc|871
T#691|22|12872|55030|alpino_lc|8086
T#692|18|324|5410|alpino_lc|2681
T#693|21|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|164883
T#694|8|56|750|alpino_lc|397
T#695|17|36|1190|alpino_lc|389
T#696|11|8|640|alpino_lc|323
T#697|17|19096|245980|alpino_lc|17147
T#698|12|575|7240|alpino_lc|2121
T#699|9|11|670|alpino_lc|348
T#700|5|5|90|alpino_lc|47
T#701|19|20|28590|alpino_lc|6172
T#702|12|1091|10090|alpino_lc|7774
T#703|14|28115|127780|alpino_lc|6814
T#704|9|7|340|alpino_lc|245
T#705|11|166|3270|alpino_lc|1353
T#706|10|24|670|alpino_lc|285
T#707|22|14429|200340|alpino_lc|19713
T#708|14|1250|17330|alpino_lc|10567
T#709|18|1197|12690|alpino_lc|3180
T#710|5|5|140|alpino_lc|36
T#711|20|25196|140520|alpino_lc|10894
T#712|18|2234|28400|alpino_lc|12692
T#713|16|22042|245040|alpino_lc|25412
T#714|13|1580|18250|alpino_lc|5865
T#715|9|22|1580|alpino_lc|871
T#716|13|48|2120|alpino_lc|1683
T#717|11|264|2040|alpino_lc|920
T#718|15|289|7690|alpino_lc|1399
T#719|13|139|2300|alpino_lc|692
T#720|21|11844|96670|alpino_lc|14226
T#721|22|3004|27150|alpino_lc|4285
T#722|9|11|350|alpino_lc|264
T#723|20|4926|48840|alpino_lc|10619
T#724|17|746|24480|alpino_lc|9850
T#725|15|391|4600|alpino_lc|2488
T#726|8|26|650|alpino_lc|140
T#727|18|24363|81540|alpino_lc|6856
T#728|13|500|12110|alpino_lc|4118
T#729|12|36|2810|alpino_lc|2155
T#730|4|3|210|alpino_lc|82
T#731|12|594|4800|alpino_lc|2136
T#732|11|122|1230|alpino_lc|723
T#733|17|10956|70380|alpino_lc|8714
T#734|11|493|7750|alpino_lc|1716
T#735|7|21|1150|alpino_lc|489
T#736|17|852|14760|alpino_lc|2333
T#737|11|23|950|alpino_lc|664
T#738|14|150|4590|alpino_lc|3189
T#739|12|23|600|alpino_lc|367
T#740|6|11|440|alpino_lc|206
T#741|13|122|1640|alpino_lc|863
T#742|20|2181|22420|alpino_lc|5390
T#743|13|1|750|alpino_lc|311
T#744|7|40|1930|alpino_lc|902
T#745|10|24|930|alpino_lc|468
T#746|24|45028|578300|alpino_lc|38093
T#748|15|7944|45390|alpino_lc|18259
T#750|9|44|1630|alpino_lc|481
T#751|13|10|420|alpino_lc|292
T#752|8|10|330|alpino_lc|212
T#753|11|3|1820|alpino_lc|465
T#754|8|6|210|alpino_lc|89
T#755|13|37|1390|alpino_lc|319
T#756|10|76|2940|alpino_lc|1453
T#757|15|924|7640|alpino_lc|3105
T#758|11|1138|5850|alpino_lc|1752
T#759|17|220|8670|alpino_lc|2893
T#760|9|44|1640|alpino_lc|481
T#761|15|2284|21170|alpino_lc|5036
T#762|11|19|660|alpino_lc|585
T#763|17|256|5410|alpino_lc|3181
T#764|18|17404|73970|alpino_lc|6739
T#765|12|218|2180|alpino_lc|917
T#766|15|8|1440|alpino_lc|753
T#767|15|512|9560|alpino_lc|4712
T#768|17|204|2310|alpino_lc|1285
T#769|15|708|7450|alpino_lc|2046
T#770|7|21|500|alpino_lc|107
T#771|7|4|80|alpino_lc|90
T#772|11|17|740|alpino_lc|589
T#773|9|22|1030|alpino_lc|668
T#774|16|55832|772120|alpino_lc|177158
T#775|10|40|1280|alpino_lc|519
T#776|11|66|1610|alpino_lc|863
T#777|9|28|1950|alpino_lc|974
T#778|16|1428|11610|alpino_lc|1955
T#779|10|64|960|alpino_lc|519
T#780|15|557|15760|alpino_lc|3379
T#781|7|33|360|alpino_lc|273
T#782|11|62|2030|alpino_lc|1304
T#783|13|210|4990|alpino_lc|1307
T#784|10|14|670|alpino_lc|255
T#785|19|2730|22740|alpino_lc|8992
T#786|11|276|4070|alpino_lc|709
T#787|15|1757|15030|alpino_lc|1966
T#788|19|14239|95030|alpino_lc|17362
T#789|18|6644|44520|alpino_lc|9513
T#790|9|96|2040|alpino_lc|632
T#791|7|6|220|alpino_lc|162
T#792|14|74|3120|alpino_lc|2053
T#793|14|70|1960|alpino_lc|1143
T#794|6|2|130|alpino_lc|39
T#795|12|31|2190|alpino_lc|1593
T#796|10|118|1990|alpino_lc|844
T#797|12|128|2360|alpino_lc|825
T#798|10|188|1720|alpino_lc|772
T#799|17|730|22680|alpino_lc|2427
T#800|19|9920|80710|alpino_lc|20591
T#801|19|168|9170|alpino_lc|6903
T#802|16|180|5240|alpino_lc|2974
T#803|9|31|740|alpino_lc|493
T#804|16|3750|61500|alpino_lc|22489
T#805|14|1684|10170|alpino_lc|2303
T#806|9|9|190|alpino_lc|84
T#807|23|53907|279630|alpino_lc|16320
T#808|11|612|5850|alpino_lc|2834
T#809|10|51|1040|alpino_lc|709
T#810|15|111|4680|alpino_lc|2166
T#811|16|75|2130|alpino_lc|1569
T#812|13|99|3820|alpino_lc|2425
T#813|10|36|1190|alpino_lc|492
T#814|19|4104|41320|alpino_lc|10532
T#815|9|281|3120|alpino_lc|1552
T#816|11|94|2760|alpino_lc|783
T#817|14|266|454440|alpino_lc|3713
T#818|15|170|3510|alpino_lc|1059
T#819|11|233|5230|alpino_lc|1803
T#820|10|53|2030|alpino_lc|745
T#821|16|708|20270|alpino_lc|3277
T#822|10|17|670|alpino_lc|463
T#823|10|70|1500|alpino_lc|741
T#824|9|4|510|alpino_lc|275
T#825|17|15580|62770|alpino_lc|10696
T#827|18|32948|185440|alpino_lc|30693
T#828|19|69|1300|alpino_lc|1349
T#829|23|19325|251500|alpino_lc|50143
T#830|21|19623|94660|alpino_lc|10521
T#831|20|3020|57770|alpino_lc|15198
T#832|14|433|8990|alpino_lc|5933
T#833|10|9|1440|alpino_lc|499
T#834|12|329|5700|alpino_lc|1824
T#835|10|2|290|alpino_lc|123
T#836|11|77|4140|alpino_lc|1123
T#837|10|30|700|alpino_lc|344
T#838|19|2895|73420|alpino_lc|5171
T#839|9|4|310|alpino_lc|189
T#840|10|19|1130|alpino_lc|403
T#841|12|19|840|alpino_lc|601
T#842|12|11|950|alpino_lc|471
T#843|17|56|1440|alpino_lc|704
T#844|12|28|2020|alpino_lc|1558
T#845|9|20|480|alpino_lc|349
T#846|11|347|9460|alpino_lc|5342
T#847|7|22|370|alpino_lc|111
T#848|16|1901|22200|alpino_lc|7964
T#849|8|10|240|alpino_lc|98
T#850|14|24|1280|alpino_lc|1198
T#851|14|240|2800|alpino_lc|1773
T#852|16|297|39200|alpino_lc|4470
T#853|19|624|30890|alpino_lc|16299
T#854|11|107|1980|alpino_lc|1075
T#855|17|848|11050|alpino_lc|3375
T#856|15|1456|12260|alpino_lc|2382
T#857|16|819|11900|alpino_lc|5285
T#858|15|4647|31160|alpino_lc|9897
T#859|25|time_out|888870|alpino_lc|204501
T#860|8|3|270|alpino_lc|88
T#861|13|47|1120|alpino_lc|1032
T#862|9|14|680|alpino_lc|526
T#863|13|5|1080|alpino_lc|368
T#864|16|1005|10000|alpino_lc|3942
T#865|8|4|1090|alpino_lc|674
T#866|13|334|4370|alpino_lc|3686
T#867|19|343|3060|alpino_lc|880
T#868|12|414|4320|alpino_lc|1838
T#869|15|2959|58990|alpino_lc|16802
T#870|21|1620|12350|alpino_lc|2729
T#871|19|23070|141510|alpino_lc|22935
T#872|12|46|1650|alpino_lc|839
T#873|13|2|590|alpino_lc|391
T#874|20|1724|67850|alpino_lc|10400
T#875|9|3|210|alpino_lc|98
T#876|10|6|440|alpino_lc|274
T#877|10|20|1360|alpino_lc|617
T#878|11|98|3820|alpino_lc|2271
T#879|13|12|1180|alpino_lc|561
T#880|21|6524|25250|alpino_lc|1618
T#881|18|1965|35240|alpino_lc|24543
T#882|11|14|1130|alpino_lc|762
T#883|9|3|590|alpino_lc|266
T#884|10|64|2370|alpino_lc|594
T#885|12|45|1330|alpino_lc|766
T#886|23|1950|73240|alpino_lc|38330
T#887|22|3973|32240|alpino_lc|13314
T#888|16|404|8340|alpino_lc|5447
T#889|12|40|1140|alpino_lc|677
T#890|13|51|2020|alpino_lc|695
T#891|12|50|760|alpino_lc|666
T#892|10|268|3450|alpino_lc|2686
T#893|15|448|8340|alpino_lc|3456
T#894|9|10|1760|alpino_lc|1525
T#895|10|47|550|alpino_lc|254
T#896|12|18|1300|alpino_lc|985
T#897|11|8|490|alpino_lc|150
T#898|12|538|4960|alpino_lc|3625
T#899|22|112|11700|alpino_lc|6534
T#900|10|2|580|alpino_lc|512
T#901|8|45|480|alpino_lc|220
T#902|17|1257|7440|alpino_lc|3492
T#903|14|166|3170|alpino_lc|1468
T#904|9|16|690|alpino_lc|428
T#905|10|258|5520|alpino_lc|1919
T#906|17|524|4620|alpino_lc|1726
T#907|9|192|2320|alpino_lc|660
T#908|15|88|2170|alpino_lc|1348
T#909|18|35820|171720|alpino_lc|22637
T#910|9|22|570|alpino_lc|547
T#911|19|1426|19160|alpino_lc|4532
T#912|9|15|920|alpino_lc|716
T#913|7|9|410|alpino_lc|222
T#914|12|3388|25220|alpino_lc|8241
T#915|7|13|480|alpino_lc|130
T#916|15|36|3280|alpino_lc|1050
T#917|6|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#918|10|24|540|alpino_lc|382
T#919|7|2|70|alpino_lc|26
T#920|14|9329|52820|alpino_lc|4481
T#921|22|73470|507950|alpino_lc|117276
T#922|12|110|880|alpino_lc|567
T#923|10|28|1120|alpino_lc|490
T#924|13|115|3760|alpino_lc|3887
T#925|10|6|650|alpino_lc|435
T#926|16|364|6550|alpino_lc|4126
T#927|17|228|3260|alpino_lc|839
T#928|11|98|2680|alpino_lc|816
T#929|16|3376|28190|alpino_lc|5743
T#930|13|83|3180|alpino_lc|1465
T#931|17|534|14610|alpino_lc|8865
T#932|17|510|9480|alpino_lc|6869
T#933|10|18|750|alpino_lc|392
T#934|11|1008|7310|alpino_lc|2211
T#935|8|12|550|alpino_lc|450
T#936|15|6364|351530|alpino_lc|99232
T#937|8|26|470|alpino_lc|215
T#938|15|2776|28010|alpino_lc|9902
T#939|14|80|4260|alpino_lc|2781
T#940|11|6|1550|alpino_lc|1005
T#941|9|8|410|alpino_lc|365
T#942|21|18515|98430|alpino_lc|30263
T#943|10|78|3140|alpino_lc|1114
T#944|12|104|2450|alpino_lc|1137
T#945|11|26|780|alpino_lc|368
T#946|10|46|1010|alpino_lc|612
T#948|15|2246|7630|alpino_lc|1781
T#949|23|4061|43160|alpino_lc|10437
T#950|20|2072|9220|alpino_lc|1592
T#951|23|11252|74170|alpino_lc|25770
T#952|13|453|4090|alpino_lc|2314
T#953|8|9|300|alpino_lc|174
T#954|12|112|2250|alpino_lc|879
T#955|9|52|1070|alpino_lc|342
T#956|14|1394|40900|alpino_lc|4571
T#958|11|84|2090|alpino_lc|1823
T#959|14|9|750|alpino_lc|399
T#960|4|9|90|alpino_lc|13
T#961|15|540|7290|alpino_lc|2062
T#962|17|532|11470|alpino_lc|4429
T#963|14|28|1150|alpino_lc|625
T#964|10|3|230|alpino_lc|89
T#965|14|3024|8890|alpino_lc|906
T#966|12|534|9490|alpino_lc|1901
T#967|22|2336|98940|alpino_lc|39423
T#968|10|124|3280|alpino_lc|1953
T#969|11|50|1360|alpino_lc|727
T#970|16|6174|82610|alpino_lc|51811
T#971|18|2978|105550|alpino_lc|21858
T#972|13|339|7520|alpino_lc|2739
T#973|8|4|270|alpino_lc|123
T#974|16|200|5460|alpino_lc|2160
T#975|13|72|500|alpino_lc|267
T#976|21|494|9790|alpino_lc|6049
T#977|9|31|1440|alpino_lc|945
T#979|19|5116|29490|alpino_lc|8074
T#980|10|42|2160|alpino_lc|1028
T#981|14|536|4750|alpino_lc|1936
T#982|14|612|16220|alpino_lc|7499
T#983|15|36|1910|alpino_lc|1001
T#984|9|22|1050|alpino_lc|412
T#985|9|14|550|alpino_lc|395
T#986|15|10|5460|alpino_lc|4220
T#987|17|5209|64030|alpino_lc|3254
T#988|13|20|850|alpino_lc|368
T#989|8|15|970|alpino_lc|523
T#990|15|512|12110|alpino_lc|5501
T#991|23|17714|160450|alpino_lc|47224
T#992|21|6276|39060|alpino_lc|7151
T#993|13|143|2550|alpino_lc|609
T#994|10|64|3130|alpino_lc|1358
T#995|13|24|1670|alpino_lc|698
T#996|14|2426|19910|alpino_lc|5553
T#997|19|33560|372530|alpino_lc|118663
T#998|11|216|3160|alpino_lc|1923
T#999|12|210|4410|alpino_lc|2164
T#1000|7|50|530|alpino_lc|108
