cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6080 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 9930 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 29620 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 14110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
T#clef2003_1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2003_2|6|1|480|alpino_lc|366
T#clef2003_3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2003_4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_5|7|1|420|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2003_6|6|1|80|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2003_7|7|1|1050|alpino_lc|724
T#clef2003_8|7|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2003_9|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_10|7|1|220|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2003_11|9|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_12|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_13|8|1|290|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2003_14|6|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_15|8|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_16|7|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_17|8|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_18|8|1|180|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2003_19|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_20|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_21|6|1|130|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2003_22|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_23|6|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_24|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_25|7|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_26|11|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2003_27|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_29|7|1|470|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_30|8|1|1200|alpino_lc|759
T#clef2003_31|7|1|240|alpino_lc|190
T#clef2003_32|8|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#clef2003_33|10|1|350|alpino_lc|157
T#clef2003_34|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_35|13|1|6690|alpino_lc|817
T#clef2003_36|9|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2003_37|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_38|8|1|290|alpino_lc|212
T#clef2003_39|9|1|810|alpino_lc|702
T#clef2003_40|5|1|40|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_41|11|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2003_42|18|1|760|alpino_lc|305
T#clef2003_43|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_44|11|1|620|alpino_lc|320
T#clef2003_45|12|1|1310|alpino_lc|1227
T#clef2003_46|7|1|280|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2003_47|11|1|460|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_48|10|1|190|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2003_49|11|1|650|alpino_lc|421
T#clef2003_50|6|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2003_51|13|1|420|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2003_52|13|1|230|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2003_53|11|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_54|9|1|610|alpino_lc|478
T#clef2003_55|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_56|7|1|640|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2003_57|6|1|240|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2003_58|5|1|300|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2003_59|9|1|1200|alpino_lc|856
T#clef2003_60|7|1|150|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2003_61|7|1|270|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2003_62|6|1|230|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_63|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_64|7|1|260|alpino_lc|174
T#clef2003_65|13|1|1890|alpino_lc|1561
T#clef2003_66|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_67|7|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_68|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_69|5|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_70|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_71|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2003_72|9|1|520|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2003_73|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2003_74|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_75|7|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_76|9|1|440|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2003_77|10|1|380|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2003_78|9|1|190|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2003_79|7|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_80|6|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_81|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_82|8|1|230|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2003_83|9|1|130|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2003_84|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_85|7|1|120|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2003_86|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_87|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_88|6|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_89|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_90|6|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_91|9|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2003_92|11|1|500|alpino_lc|400
T#clef2003_93|10|1|310|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2003_94|11|1|1520|alpino_lc|1223
T#clef2003_95|7|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2003_96|10|1|1080|alpino_lc|1192
T#clef2003_97|11|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2003_98|11|1|320|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_99|7|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2003_100|9|1|620|alpino_lc|583
T#clef2003_101|10|1|150|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2003_102|14|1|280|alpino_lc|131
T#clef2003_103|10|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_104|6|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_105|11|1|1060|alpino_lc|940
T#clef2003_106|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_107|9|1|1210|alpino_lc|856
T#clef2003_108|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_109|7|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2003_110|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2003_111|8|1|310|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2003_112|11|1|220|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2003_113|11|1|210|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2003_114|8|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2003_115|11|1|1720|alpino_lc|1632
T#clef2003_116|7|1|380|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2003_117|7|1|430|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2003_118|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_119|8|1|150|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2003_120|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2003_121|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_122|12|1|2350|alpino_lc|1292
T#clef2003_123|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_124|6|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2003_125|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_126|9|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_127|7|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_128|9|1|460|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2003_129|8|1|310|alpino_lc|254
T#clef2003_130|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|881
T#clef2003_131|9|1|250|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2003_132|8|1|280|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2003_133|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_134|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_135|8|1|500|alpino_lc|496
T#clef2003_136|7|1|470|alpino_lc|431
T#clef2003_137|9|1|720|alpino_lc|622
T#clef2003_138|8|1|290|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2003_139|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_140|8|1|230|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2003_141|7|1|270|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2003_142|8|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_143|12|1|1010|alpino_lc|331
T#clef2003_144|10|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2003_145|6|1|140|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2003_146|9|1|180|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2003_147|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_148|22|1|1950|alpino_lc|1178
T#clef2003_149|6|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_150|7|1|470|alpino_lc|221
T#clef2003_151|8|1|240|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2003_152|10|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2003_153|6|1|230|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_154|13|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2003_155|14|1|650|alpino_lc|299
T#clef2003_156|10|1|360|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2003_157|7|1|430|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2003_158|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|512
T#clef2003_159|6|1|400|alpino_lc|265
T#clef2003_160|10|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2003_161|8|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2003_162|10|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2003_163|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2003_164|7|1|100|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2003_165|11|1|140|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2003_166|4|1|210|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2003_167|12|1|320|alpino_lc|269
T#clef2003_168|12|1|300|alpino_lc|447
T#clef2003_169|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_170|10|1|880|alpino_lc|561
T#clef2003_171|13|1|500|alpino_lc|186
T#clef2003_172|8|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2003_173|6|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2003_174|10|1|500|alpino_lc|462
T#clef2003_175|10|1|290|alpino_lc|296
T#clef2003_176|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_177|11|1|200|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2003_178|7|1|440|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2003_179|7|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2003_180|10|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2003_181|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|663
T#clef2003_182|10|1|1190|alpino_lc|678
T#clef2003_183|8|1|190|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2003_184|10|1|200|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2003_185|10|1|1080|alpino_lc|892
T#clef2003_186|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2003_187|8|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2003_188|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_189|9|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2003_191|6|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2003_192|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_193|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|937
T#clef2003_194|9|1|230|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2003_195|13|1|230|alpino_lc|153
T#clef2003_196|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|993
T#clef2003_197|9|1|840|alpino_lc|508
T#clef2003_198|7|1|120|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2003_200|16|1|2920|alpino_lc|879
T#clef2003_201|9|1|280|alpino_lc|200
T#clef2003_202|9|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_203|11|1|480|alpino_lc|462
T#clef2003_204|10|1|1520|alpino_lc|1050
T#clef2003_205|8|1|260|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2003_206|10|1|160|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2003_207|9|1|470|alpino_lc|306
T#clef2003_208|7|1|430|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2003_209|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_210|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|465
T#clef2003_211|12|1|550|alpino_lc|493
T#clef2003_212|4|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_213|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_214|8|1|150|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2003_215|7|1|80|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2003_216|9|1|490|alpino_lc|286
T#clef2003_217|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2003_218|9|1|700|alpino_lc|532
T#clef2003_220|10|1|160|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2003_221|14|1|1100|alpino_lc|818
T#clef2003_222|10|1|550|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2003_223|11|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2003_224|13|1|640|alpino_lc|530
T#clef2003_225|11|1|320|alpino_lc|246
T#clef2003_226|15|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2003_227|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|813
T#clef2003_228|15|1|670|alpino_lc|476
T#clef2003_229|19|1|3930|alpino_lc|3719
T#clef2003_230|10|1|520|alpino_lc|431
T#clef2003_231|10|1|400|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2003_232|11|1|480|alpino_lc|168
T#clef2003_233|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|1014
T#clef2003_234|11|1|270|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2003_235|13|1|330|alpino_lc|271
T#clef2003_236|6|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2003_237|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_238|11|1|160|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2003_239|6|1|280|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_240|8|1|470|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_241|11|1|200|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2003_242|8|1|350|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2003_243|14|1|300|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2003_244|11|1|700|alpino_lc|639
T#clef2003_245|15|1|520|alpino_lc|259
T#clef2003_246|15|1|840|alpino_lc|671
T#clef2003_247|10|1|1030|alpino_lc|562
T#clef2003_248|17|1|1510|alpino_lc|1114
T#clef2003_249|18|1|1770|alpino_lc|962
T#clef2003_250|9|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2003_251|15|1|1790|alpino_lc|1866
T#clef2003_252|8|1|200|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2003_253|9|1|640|alpino_lc|324
T#clef2003_254|10|1|160|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2003_255|8|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_256|7|1|200|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2003_257|5|1|230|alpino_lc|216
T#clef2003_258|11|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2003_259|10|1|460|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_260|6|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2003_261|9|1|200|alpino_lc|129
T#clef2003_262|16|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_263|6|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_264|7|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_265|8|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_266|9|1|940|alpino_lc|845
T#clef2003_267|8|1|260|alpino_lc|255
T#clef2003_268|8|1|260|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2003_269|18|1|740|alpino_lc|193
T#clef2003_270|8|1|340|alpino_lc|243
T#clef2003_271|13|1|1940|alpino_lc|1389
T#clef2003_272|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_273|5|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_274|7|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_275|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_276|10|1|650|alpino_lc|549
T#clef2003_277|7|1|370|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2003_278|12|1|850|alpino_lc|762
T#clef2003_279|7|1|70|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2003_280|8|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2003_281|8|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2003_282|7|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2003_283|10|1|2120|alpino_lc|2007
T#clef2003_284|7|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2003_285|8|1|200|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2003_286|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_287|7|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_288|8|1|650|alpino_lc|501
T#clef2003_289|9|1|1040|alpino_lc|900
T#clef2003_290|11|1|740|alpino_lc|655
T#clef2003_291|11|1|460|alpino_lc|186
T#clef2003_292|15|1|1000|alpino_lc|777
T#clef2003_293|14|1|510|alpino_lc|430
T#clef2003_294|10|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2003_295|10|1|100|alpino_lc|71
T#clef2003_296|5|1|110|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2003_297|9|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2003_298|11|1|690|alpino_lc|311
T#clef2003_299|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_300|7|1|420|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2003_301|8|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_302|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_303|7|1|120|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_304|11|1|260|alpino_lc|92
T#clef2003_305|6|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2003_306|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_307|8|1|160|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2003_308|11|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2003_309|5|1|340|alpino_lc|226
T#clef2003_310|8|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2003_311|6|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2003_312|6|1|390|alpino_lc|302
T#clef2003_313|9|1|720|alpino_lc|604
T#clef2003_314|10|1|390|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2003_315|10|1|330|alpino_lc|236
T#clef2003_316|8|1|200|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2003_317|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_318|9|1|520|alpino_lc|432
T#clef2003_319|8|1|460|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_320|6|1|140|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2003_321|6|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2003_322|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_323|8|1|790|alpino_lc|538
T#clef2003_324|9|1|590|alpino_lc|410
T#clef2003_325|8|1|560|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2003_326|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_327|14|1|750|alpino_lc|376
T#clef2003_328|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2003_329|15|1|220|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2003_330|9|1|750|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2003_331|7|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2003_332|8|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2003_333|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2003_334|10|1|450|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2003_335|8|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2003_336|10|1|540|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2003_337|7|1|200|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2003_338|11|1|380|alpino_lc|234
T#clef2003_339|10|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_340|10|1|1040|alpino_lc|563
T#clef2003_341|8|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_342|11|1|200|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2003_343|13|1|470|alpino_lc|439
T#clef2003_344|7|1|220|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2003_345|7|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2003_346|8|1|160|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2003_347|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2003_348|12|1|110|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2003_349|15|1|270|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2003_350|6|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2003_351|7|1|80|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2003_352|14|1|270|alpino_lc|197
T#clef2003_353|10|1|700|alpino_lc|409
T#clef2003_354|15|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2003_355|8|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2003_356|11|1|1510|alpino_lc|514
T#clef2003_357|13|1|3990|alpino_lc|1636
T#clef2003_358|11|1|350|alpino_lc|190
T#clef2003_359|8|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2003_360|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2003_361|5|1|340|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2003_362|8|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2003_363|11|1|1690|alpino_lc|537
T#clef2003_364|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_365|10|1|130|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_366|8|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2003_367|8|1|560|alpino_lc|397
T#clef2003_368|5|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2003_369|6|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_370|16|1|4770|alpino_lc|4575
T#clef2003_371|9|1|840|alpino_lc|713
T#clef2003_372|7|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2003_373|5|1|90|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2003_374|13|1|750|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2003_375|8|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2003_376|11|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2003_377|10|1|1410|alpino_lc|1006
T#clef2003_378|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_379|11|1|160|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2003_380|7|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2003_381|7|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2003_382|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_383|10|1|660|alpino_lc|496
T#clef2003_384|12|1|320|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2003_385|6|1|60|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2003_386|13|1|2610|alpino_lc|3057
T#clef2003_387|12|1|1840|alpino_lc|1336
T#clef2003_388|7|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2003_389|12|1|400|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2003_390|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2003_391|9|1|350|alpino_lc|302
T#clef2003_392|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2003_393|7|1|250|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2003_394|10|1|1700|alpino_lc|999
T#clef2003_395|9|1|270|alpino_lc|181
T#clef2003_396|13|1|310|alpino_lc|279
T#clef2003_397|5|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2003_398|6|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2003_399|10|1|710|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2003_400|12|1|550|alpino_lc|148
T#clef2003_401|8|1|750|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2003_402|8|1|350|alpino_lc|235
T#clef2003_403|7|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2003_404|6|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2003_405|6|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2003_406|6|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2003_407|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2003_408|13|1|1410|alpino_lc|795
T#clef2003_409|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2003_410|10|1|1090|alpino_lc|930
T#clef2003_411|8|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2003_412|6|1|130|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2003_413|10|1|810|alpino_lc|621
T#clef2003_414|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2003_415|8|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2003_416|6|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2003_417|7|1|150|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2003_418|12|1|210|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2003_419|12|1|410|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2003_420|7|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2003_421|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_422|11|1|560|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2003_423|8|1|400|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2003_424|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2003_425|8|1|400|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2003_426|8|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2003_427|9|1|1480|alpino_lc|1009
T#clef2003_428|10|1|680|alpino_lc|399
T#clef2003_429|9|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2003_430|5|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2003_431|7|1|110|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2003_432|9|1|200|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2003_433|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_434|9|1|3390|alpino_lc|832
T#clef2003_435|9|1|1160|alpino_lc|836
T#clef2003_436|8|1|270|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2003_437|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2003_438|12|1|150|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2003_439|19|1|810|alpino_lc|818
T#clef2003_440|6|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2003_441|12|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2003_442|12|1|1740|alpino_lc|1733
T#clef2003_443|9|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2003_444|8|1|290|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2003_445|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|893
T#clef2003_446|16|1|670|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2003_447|10|1|670|alpino_lc|453
T#clef2003_448|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2003_449|13|1|1750|alpino_lc|1585
T#clef2003_450|7|1|450|alpino_lc|367
T#clef2004_238|6|1|310|alpino_lc|314
T#clef2004_451|11|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_452|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_453|9|1|290|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2004_454|7|1|380|alpino_lc|290
T#clef2004_455|8|1|50|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2004_456|8|1|750|alpino_lc|620
T#clef2004_457|12|1|680|alpino_lc|738
T#clef2004_458|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_459|6|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_460|10|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_461|9|1|550|alpino_lc|408
T#clef2004_462|8|1|310|alpino_lc|212
T#clef2004_463|7|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2004_464|6|1|210|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_465|10|1|640|alpino_lc|464
T#clef2004_466|9|1|260|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2004_467|6|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_468|7|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2004_469|11|1|230|alpino_lc|211
T#clef2004_470|6|1|560|alpino_lc|383
T#clef2004_471|12|1|730|alpino_lc|595
T#clef2004_472|8|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_473|5|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_474|6|1|230|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_475|7|1|130|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_476|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_477|8|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2004_478|20|1|1790|alpino_lc|1247
T#clef2004_479|9|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2004_480|10|1|790|alpino_lc|539
T#clef2004_481|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_482|13|1|2200|alpino_lc|2630
T#clef2004_483|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|1635
T#clef2004_484|6|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_485|7|1|190|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2004_486|13|1|570|alpino_lc|304
T#clef2004_487|11|1|270|alpino_lc|209
T#clef2004_488|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_489|9|1|440|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2004_490|7|1|250|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2004_491|15|1|330|alpino_lc|154
T#clef2004_492|8|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2004_493|6|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2004_494|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2004_495|12|1|240|alpino_lc|154
T#clef2004_496|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_497|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_498|16|1|590|alpino_lc|437
T#clef2004_499|10|1|210|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2004_500|7|1|400|alpino_lc|319
T#clef2004_501|10|1|190|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2004_502|8|1|170|alpino_lc|130
T#clef2004_503|7|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#clef2004_504|6|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_505|20|1|860|alpino_lc|910
T#clef2004_506|4|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_507|7|1|390|alpino_lc|154
T#clef2004_508|7|1|230|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_509|8|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_510|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_511|6|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2004_512|5|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2004_513|5|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2004_514|5|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2004_515|10|1|1190|alpino_lc|465
T#clef2004_516|6|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2004_517|6|1|230|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_518|8|1|290|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_519|8|1|280|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_520|9|1|200|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2004_521|9|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2004_522|12|1|410|alpino_lc|286
T#clef2004_523|10|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2004_524|7|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2004_525|10|1|280|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2004_526|10|1|390|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2004_527|9|1|220|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2004_528|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_529|9|1|280|alpino_lc|158
T#clef2004_530|12|1|150|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_531|8|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2004_532|11|1|130|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_533|8|1|240|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_534|8|1|580|alpino_lc|409
T#clef2004_535|7|1|120|alpino_lc|90
T#clef2004_536|10|1|230|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2004_537|11|1|310|alpino_lc|351
T#clef2004_538|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#clef2004_539|5|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#clef2004_540|7|1|120|alpino_lc|120
T#clef2004_541|9|1|730|alpino_lc|360
T#clef2004_542|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2004_543|8|1|250|alpino_lc|191
T#clef2004_544|9|1|410|alpino_lc|259
T#clef2004_545|9|1|300|alpino_lc|180
T#clef2004_546|11|1|160|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2004_547|9|1|80|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2004_548|7|1|150|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2004_549|7|1|220|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_550|6|1|360|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2004_551|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_552|8|1|240|alpino_lc|179
T#clef2004_553|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_554|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_555|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_556|9|1|850|alpino_lc|387
T#clef2004_557|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_558|7|1|240|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_559|6|1|190|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_560|5|1|150|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2004_561|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_562|8|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2004_563|5|1|90|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2004_564|7|1|380|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2004_565|7|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_566|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_567|6|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_568|7|1|410|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2004_569|7|1|200|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2004_570|7|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_571|4|1|180|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2004_572|5|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_573|7|1|410|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2004_574|9|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2004_575|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_576|7|1|490|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_577|7|1|160|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2004_578|11|1|420|alpino_lc|307
T#clef2004_579|5|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_580|9|1|620|alpino_lc|549
T#clef2004_581|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_582|8|1|130|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_583|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_584|11|1|320|alpino_lc|178
T#clef2004_585|6|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_586|4|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2004_587|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_588|10|1|610|alpino_lc|832
T#clef2004_589|8|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2004_590|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2004_591|6|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_592|9|1|1040|alpino_lc|604
T#clef2004_593|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_594|5|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2004_595|5|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_596|11|1|400|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2004_597|5|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_598|7|1|80|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_599|5|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_600|8|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_601|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_602|8|1|610|alpino_lc|407
T#clef2004_603|6|1|320|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2004_604|11|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_605|7|1|420|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_606|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2004_607|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_608|7|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2004_609|8|1|260|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2004_610|6|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2004_611|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_612|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_613|7|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_614|5|1|140|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2004_615|8|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_616|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_617|8|1|170|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2004_618|9|1|470|alpino_lc|417
T#clef2004_619|9|1|760|alpino_lc|501
T#clef2004_620|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2004_621|7|1|300|alpino_lc|211
T#clef2004_622|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_623|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_624|7|1|90|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2004_625|7|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2004_626|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_627|8|1|230|alpino_lc|170
T#clef2004_628|9|1|260|alpino_lc|220
T#clef2004_629|5|1|150|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2004_630|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_631|7|1|320|alpino_lc|97
T#clef2004_632|6|1|330|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2004_633|15|1|190|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2004_634|10|1|230|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2004_635|10|1|160|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2004_636|8|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2004_637|5|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_638|6|1|230|alpino_lc|168
T#clef2004_639|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_640|8|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_641|7|1|450|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2004_642|7|1|130|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2004_643|6|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#clef2004_644|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#clef2004_645|10|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2004_646|10|1|570|alpino_lc|380
T#clef2004_647|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2004_648|6|1|150|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2004_649|14|1|580|alpino_lc|356
T#clef2004_650|7|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_651|7|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_652|8|1|450|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2004_653|9|1|280|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2004_654|7|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2004_655|9|1|810|alpino_lc|597
T#clef2004_656|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_657|9|1|170|alpino_lc|118
T#clef2004_658|8|1|80|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_659|13|1|1220|alpino_lc|989
T#clef2004_660|12|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2004_661|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|736
T#clef2004_662|14|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#clef2004_663|8|1|420|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2004_664|8|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2004_665|6|1|290|alpino_lc|184
T#clef2004_666|15|1|900|alpino_lc|956
T#clef2004_667|13|1|600|alpino_lc|718
T#clef2004_668|11|1|1310|alpino_lc|1767
T#clef2004_669|12|1|180|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2004_670|10|1|210|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2004_671|8|1|210|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2004_672|12|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2004_673|7|1|140|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2004_674|11|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2004_675|5|1|240|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2004_676|15|1|590|alpino_lc|313
T#clef2004_677|15|1|1910|alpino_lc|1323
T#clef2004_678|7|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_679|13|1|1350|alpino_lc|1664
T#clef2004_680|15|1|810|alpino_lc|696
T#clef2004_681|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_682|6|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2004_683|9|1|1020|alpino_lc|1017
T#clef2004_684|7|1|240|alpino_lc|189
T#clef2004_685|7|1|190|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2004_686|5|1|80|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2004_687|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_689|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_690|7|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2004_691|8|1|370|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_692|9|1|570|alpino_lc|472
T#clef2004_693|14|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_694|11|1|2920|alpino_lc|2424
T#clef2004_695|7|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_696|26|1|7160|alpino_lc|3977
T#clef2004_697|15|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_698|11|1|310|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2004_699|11|1|410|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2004_700|12|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_701|10|1|460|alpino_lc|239
T#clef2004_702|10|1|500|alpino_lc|387
T#clef2004_703|6|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_704|12|1|1420|alpino_lc|1041
T#clef2004_705|6|1|60|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2004_706|5|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2004_707|10|1|160|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2004_708|8|1|460|alpino_lc|340
T#clef2004_709|7|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2004_710|8|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_711|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_712|4|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_713|8|1|360|alpino_lc|297
T#clef2004_714|11|1|250|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2004_715|5|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2004_716|9|1|420|alpino_lc|280
T#clef2004_717|10|1|880|alpino_lc|377
T#clef2004_718|13|1|420|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_719|12|1|320|alpino_lc|216
T#clef2004_720|22|1|3890|alpino_lc|566
T#clef2004_721|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_722|7|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_723|5|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2004_724|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_725|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_726|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_727|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_728|5|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_729|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_730|6|1|210|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_731|10|1|990|alpino_lc|870
T#clef2004_732|15|1|1010|alpino_lc|873
T#clef2004_733|8|1|1660|alpino_lc|1419
T#clef2004_734|8|1|1130|alpino_lc|1074
T#clef2004_735|7|1|190|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2004_736|12|1|670|alpino_lc|673
T#clef2004_737|9|1|360|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2004_738|9|1|280|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2004_739|14|1|570|alpino_lc|498
T#clef2004_740|18|1|7620|alpino_lc|7271
T#clef2004_741|10|1|860|alpino_lc|369
T#clef2004_742|10|1|1240|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2004_743|9|1|560|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2004_744|10|1|600|alpino_lc|545
T#clef2004_745|10|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2004_746|6|1|240|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_747|9|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_748|9|1|430|alpino_lc|160
T#clef2004_749|7|1|450|alpino_lc|253
T#clef2004_750|5|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_751|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_752|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_753|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_754|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_755|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_756|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_757|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_758|9|1|1250|alpino_lc|806
T#clef2004_759|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_760|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_761|8|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_762|15|1|370|alpino_lc|259
T#clef2004_763|6|1|90|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_764|9|1|1220|alpino_lc|856
T#clef2004_765|8|1|390|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2004_766|5|1|60|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_767|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_768|6|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_769|7|1|570|alpino_lc|472
T#clef2004_770|5|1|200|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2004_771|6|1|620|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2004_772|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_773|8|1|290|alpino_lc|171
T#clef2004_774|7|1|450|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2004_775|10|1|1100|alpino_lc|926
T#clef2004_776|9|1|300|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2004_777|11|1|420|alpino_lc|351
T#clef2004_778|6|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_779|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_780|5|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_781|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_782|9|1|340|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2004_783|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_784|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_785|7|1|630|alpino_lc|472
T#clef2004_786|5|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_787|8|1|750|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2004_788|4|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_789|7|1|460|alpino_lc|367
T#clef2004_790|10|1|840|alpino_lc|577
T#clef2004_791|9|1|730|alpino_lc|622
T#clef2004_792|6|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_793|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_794|9|1|240|alpino_lc|246
T#clef2004_795|6|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2004_796|8|1|170|alpino_lc|133
T#clef2004_797|12|1|690|alpino_lc|443
T#clef2004_798|7|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_799|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_800|9|1|520|alpino_lc|345
T#clef2004_801|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_802|5|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2004_803|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_804|9|1|170|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2004_805|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_806|11|1|410|alpino_lc|351
T#clef2004_807|7|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_808|7|1|220|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_809|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_810|7|1|160|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2004_811|7|1|250|alpino_lc|187
T#clef2004_812|11|1|1510|alpino_lc|1378
T#clef2004_813|6|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_814|10|1|350|alpino_lc|177
T#clef2004_815|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_816|8|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2004_817|8|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_818|12|1|490|alpino_lc|355
T#clef2004_819|8|1|230|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2004_820|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_821|9|1|530|alpino_lc|294
T#clef2004_822|6|1|610|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2004_823|8|1|1060|alpino_lc|824
T#clef2004_824|5|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_825|8|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2004_826|10|1|170|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2004_827|8|1|170|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2004_828|8|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_829|6|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_830|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_831|7|1|370|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2004_832|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_833|7|1|430|alpino_lc|346
T#clef2004_834|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_835|7|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2004_836|9|1|740|alpino_lc|622
T#clef2004_837|9|1|670|alpino_lc|484
T#clef2004_838|9|1|390|alpino_lc|265
T#clef2004_839|9|1|450|alpino_lc|367
T#clef2004_840|10|1|200|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2004_841|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_842|11|1|1290|alpino_lc|962
T#clef2004_843|8|1|180|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_844|10|1|200|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2004_845|10|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2004_846|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_847|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2004_848|9|1|550|alpino_lc|370
T#clef2004_849|4|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2004_850|10|1|790|alpino_lc|601
T#clef2004_851|8|1|550|alpino_lc|397
T#clef2004_852|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_853|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_854|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2004_855|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_856|8|1|410|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2004_857|9|1|1300|alpino_lc|1027
T#clef2004_858|5|1|210|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2004_859|6|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2004_860|6|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_861|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_862|12|1|3560|alpino_lc|3096
T#clef2004_863|7|1|260|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2004_864|5|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_865|8|1|240|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2004_866|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#clef2004_867|10|1|1200|alpino_lc|1054
T#clef2004_868|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#clef2004_869|10|1|1810|alpino_lc|1592
T#clef2004_870|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_871|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_872|7|1|1810|alpino_lc|495
T#clef2004_873|8|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2004_874|6|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_875|5|1|120|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_876|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_877|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_878|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_879|12|1|1400|alpino_lc|1274
T#clef2004_880|10|1|410|alpino_lc|345
T#clef2004_881|6|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_882|6|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_883|8|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2004_884|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_885|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_886|4|1|120|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_887|6|1|440|alpino_lc|366
T#clef2004_888|7|1|300|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2004_889|15|1|3780|alpino_lc|2543
T#clef2004_890|7|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2004_891|9|1|200|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2004_892|11|1|620|alpino_lc|376
T#clef2004_893|10|1|210|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_894|5|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_895|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_896|5|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#clef2004_897|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_898|22|1|4260|alpino_lc|1454
T#clef2004_899|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_900|9|1|3150|alpino_lc|2108
T#clef2004_901|5|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2004_902|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_903|7|1|110|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2004_904|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_905|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_906|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_907|11|1|480|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2004_908|6|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2004_909|7|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_910|6|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_911|11|1|6080|alpino_lc|4018
T#clef2004_912|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_913|5|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_914|10|1|350|alpino_lc|177
T#clef2004_915|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_916|8|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2004_917|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_918|9|1|390|alpino_lc|198
T#clef2004_919|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_920|11|1|540|alpino_lc|268
T#clef2004_921|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_922|10|1|640|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2004_923|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_924|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2004_925|6|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2004_926|10|1|500|alpino_lc|255
T#clef2004_927|9|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_928|9|1|230|alpino_lc|166
T#clef2004_929|6|1|130|alpino_lc|92
T#clef2004_930|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2004_931|9|1|1580|alpino_lc|1003
T#clef2004_932|8|1|400|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2004_933|8|1|700|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2004_934|7|1|650|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2004_935|9|1|570|alpino_lc|784
T#clef2004_936|10|1|1040|alpino_lc|1383
T#clef2004_937|10|1|210|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2004_938|7|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2004_939|8|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_940|7|1|380|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_941|9|1|880|alpino_lc|1092
T#clef2004_942|10|1|220|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2004_943|6|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#clef2004_944|4|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_945|11|1|410|alpino_lc|232
T#clef2004_946|8|1|310|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2004_947|10|1|1800|alpino_lc|1452
T#clef2004_948|7|1|160|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2004_949|10|1|160|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2004_950|10|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_951|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_952|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_953|10|1|560|alpino_lc|470
T#clef2004_954|4|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2004_955|8|1|710|alpino_lc|527
T#clef2004_956|11|1|770|alpino_lc|620
T#clef2004_957|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_958|5|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2004_959|12|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#clef2004_960|8|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_961|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_962|8|1|350|alpino_lc|235
T#clef2004_963|11|1|290|alpino_lc|196
T#clef2004_964|11|1|160|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2004_965|10|1|1100|alpino_lc|1071
T#clef2004_966|8|1|2150|alpino_lc|1673
T#clef2004_967|8|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2004_968|6|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2004_969|7|1|100|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2004_970|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_971|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_972|9|1|230|alpino_lc|128
T#clef2004_973|9|1|960|alpino_lc|687
T#clef2004_974|6|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2004_975|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_976|9|1|160|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2004_977|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_978|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_979|16|1|990|alpino_lc|253
T#clef2004_980|6|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2004_981|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2004_982|7|1|310|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2004_983|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_984|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_985|12|1|2960|alpino_lc|3043
T#clef2004_986|8|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#clef2004_987|9|1|380|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2004_988|9|1|2730|alpino_lc|2735
T#clef2004_989|12|1|220|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_990|8|1|390|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2004_991|13|1|340|alpino_lc|247
T#clef2004_992|8|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2004_993|9|1|1390|alpino_lc|941
T#clef2004_994|8|1|760|alpino_lc|534
T#clef2004_995|11|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_996|8|1|270|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2004_997|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_998|10|1|390|alpino_lc|273
T#clef2004_999|8|1|300|alpino_lc|199
T#clef2004_1000|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1001|9|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2004_1002|11|1|970|alpino_lc|882
T#clef2004_1003|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_1004|7|1|1240|alpino_lc|823
T#clef2004_1005|7|1|150|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2004_1006|7|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#clef2004_1007|13|1|340|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2004_1008|8|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2004_1009|8|1|180|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_1010|6|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2004_1011|7|1|260|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2004_1012|9|1|430|alpino_lc|344
T#clef2004_1013|6|1|280|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_1014|8|1|550|alpino_lc|496
T#clef2004_1015|9|1|650|alpino_lc|603
T#clef2004_1016|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1017|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2004_1018|14|1|4740|alpino_lc|4227
T#clef2004_1019|8|1|420|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2004_1020|10|1|180|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2004_1021|9|1|480|alpino_lc|341
T#clef2004_1022|13|1|710|alpino_lc|503
T#clef2004_1023|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1024|8|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2004_1025|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2004_1026|13|1|9100|alpino_lc|5597
T#clef2004_1027|12|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2004_1028|17|1|400|alpino_lc|285
T#clef2004_1029|11|1|670|alpino_lc|549
T#clef2004_1030|15|1|470|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2004_1031|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_1032|9|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#clef2004_1033|8|1|750|alpino_lc|538
T#clef2004_1034|6|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2004_1035|9|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2004_1036|9|1|460|alpino_lc|347
T#clef2004_1037|14|1|1200|alpino_lc|1428
T#clef2004_1038|8|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2004_1039|8|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_1040|8|1|910|alpino_lc|746
T#clef2004_1041|11|1|460|alpino_lc|604
T#clef2004_1042|8|1|520|alpino_lc|397
T#clef2004_1043|8|1|440|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2004_1044|9|1|810|alpino_lc|608
T#clef2004_1045|8|1|560|alpino_lc|369
T#clef2004_1046|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2004_1047|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_1048|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1049|11|1|310|alpino_lc|311
T#clef2004_1050|9|1|450|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2004_1051|6|1|240|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2004_1052|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1053|7|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2004_1054|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2004_1055|6|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2004_1056|8|1|750|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2004_1057|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1058|8|1|700|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2004_1059|8|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_1060|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1061|7|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2004_1062|6|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2004_1063|8|1|180|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2004_1064|10|1|670|alpino_lc|483
T#clef2004_1065|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1066|7|1|420|alpino_lc|285
T#clef2004_1067|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1068|7|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2004_1069|10|1|200|alpino_lc|92
T#clef2004_1070|8|1|220|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2004_1071|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1072|4|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2004_1073|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2004_1074|8|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2004_1075|6|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2004_1076|8|1|200|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_1077|10|1|840|alpino_lc|626
T#clef2004_1078|6|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2004_1079|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1080|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1081|8|1|550|alpino_lc|369
T#clef2004_1082|7|1|290|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2004_1083|10|1|770|alpino_lc|539
T#clef2004_1084|6|1|470|alpino_lc|366
T#clef2004_1085|8|1|800|alpino_lc|538
T#clef2004_1086|9|1|460|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2004_1087|8|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1088|10|1|960|alpino_lc|886
T#clef2004_1089|9|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2004_1090|9|1|680|alpino_lc|490
T#clef2004_1091|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2004_1092|7|1|500|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1093|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_1094|9|1|320|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2004_1095|9|1|210|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2004_1096|8|1|280|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2004_1097|10|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2004_1098|7|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_1099|11|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2004_1100|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2004_1101|7|1|250|alpino_lc|190
T#clef2004_1102|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2004_1103|7|1|160|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2004_1104|8|1|440|alpino_lc|548
T#clef2004_1105|6|1|190|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2004_1106|7|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2004_1107|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2004_1108|7|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2004_1109|9|1|260|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2004_1110|8|1|580|alpino_lc|478
T#clef2004_1111|6|1|140|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2004_1112|5|1|100|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2004_1113|10|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2004_1114|12|1|130|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2004_1115|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_1116|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_1117|9|1|280|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2004_1118|9|1|190|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2004_1119|10|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2004_1120|6|1|130|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2004_1121|12|1|1330|alpino_lc|1151
T#clef2004_1122|8|1|350|alpino_lc|338
T#clef2004_1123|6|1|230|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2004_1124|6|1|340|alpino_lc|189
T#clef2004_1125|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2004_1126|10|1|630|alpino_lc|477
T#clef2004_1127|7|1|420|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2004_1128|7|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2004_1129|8|1|720|alpino_lc|587
T#clef2004_1130|7|1|160|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2004_1131|6|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_1132|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_1133|8|1|450|alpino_lc|370
T#clef2004_1134|11|1|1480|alpino_lc|437
T#clef2004_1135|7|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2004_1136|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2004_1137|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2004_1138|9|1|1010|alpino_lc|816
T#clef2004_1139|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1140|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1141|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1142|4|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2004_1143|6|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1144|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1145|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1146|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2004_1147|9|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_1148|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_1149|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2004_1150|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0001|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0002|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0003|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0004|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0005|10|1|510|alpino_lc|473
T#clef2005_0006|8|1|210|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2005_0007|11|1|170|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2005_0008|11|1|280|alpino_lc|293
T#clef2005_0009|11|1|950|alpino_lc|907
T#clef2005_0010|9|1|300|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2005_0011|11|1|160|alpino_lc|103
T#clef2005_0012|6|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2005_0013|8|1|300|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0014|6|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2005_0015|14|1|230|alpino_lc|120
T#clef2005_0016|8|1|1390|alpino_lc|1257
T#clef2005_0017|8|1|220|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2005_0018|5|1|200|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0019|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0020|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0021|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0022|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0023|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0024|10|1|280|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2005_0025|7|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2005_0026|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0027|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0028|8|1|160|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2005_0029|6|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2005_0030|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0031|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0032|5|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0033|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0034|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0035|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0036|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0037|12|1|560|alpino_lc|415
T#clef2005_0038|15|1|260|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2005_0039|13|1|1210|alpino_lc|1379
T#clef2005_0040|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0041|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0042|10|1|530|alpino_lc|389
T#clef2005_0043|9|1|370|alpino_lc|194
T#clef2005_0044|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0045|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0046|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0047|5|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0048|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0049|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0050|7|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2005_0051|8|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0052|11|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#clef2005_0053|6|1|390|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2005_0054|6|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0055|6|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2005_0056|8|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2005_0057|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0058|6|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2005_0059|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2005_0060|7|1|1030|alpino_lc|724
T#clef2005_0061|6|1|50|alpino_lc|36
T#clef2005_0062|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2005_0063|16|1|520|alpino_lc|242
T#clef2005_0064|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0065|7|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0066|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0067|8|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0068|7|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2005_0069|6|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2005_0070|12|1|530|alpino_lc|499
T#clef2005_0071|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0072|9|1|360|alpino_lc|257
T#clef2005_0073|10|1|170|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2005_0074|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2005_0075|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2005_0076|8|1|470|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2005_0077|19|1|800|alpino_lc|492
T#clef2005_0078|9|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2005_0079|11|1|440|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2005_0080|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0081|8|1|940|alpino_lc|670
T#clef2005_0082|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0083|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0084|9|1|130|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2005_0085|14|1|340|alpino_lc|478
T#clef2005_0086|5|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0087|8|1|80|alpino_lc|70
T#clef2005_0088|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0089|8|1|770|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2005_0090|8|1|450|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2005_0091|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0092|12|1|310|alpino_lc|236
T#clef2005_0093|8|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2005_0094|4|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0095|8|1|730|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2005_0096|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0097|5|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0098|8|1|550|alpino_lc|368
T#clef2005_0099|10|1|4190|alpino_lc|1467
T#clef2005_0100|6|1|550|alpino_lc|327
T#clef2005_0101|6|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0102|8|1|200|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2005_0103|7|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2005_0104|10|1|1100|alpino_lc|724
T#clef2005_0105|9|1|690|alpino_lc|445
T#clef2005_0106|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0107|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|639
T#clef2005_0108|8|1|450|alpino_lc|320
T#clef2005_0109|7|1|770|alpino_lc|665
T#clef2005_0110|5|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0111|10|1|1230|alpino_lc|1116
T#clef2005_0112|11|1|1450|alpino_lc|1017
T#clef2005_0113|5|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2005_0114|11|1|260|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2005_0115|6|1|370|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2005_0116|5|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0117|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2005_0118|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2005_0119|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2005_0120|5|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0121|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0122|6|1|200|alpino_lc|140
T#clef2005_0123|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2005_0124|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0125|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2005_0126|4|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0127|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0128|8|1|700|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2005_0129|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2005_0130|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0131|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0132|6|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2005_0133|7|1|220|alpino_lc|131
T#clef2005_0134|7|1|360|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2005_0135|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0136|8|1|350|alpino_lc|261
T#clef2005_0137|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0138|11|1|1350|alpino_lc|1238
T#clef2005_0139|5|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0140|4|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0141|8|1|390|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2005_0142|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0143|10|1|490|alpino_lc|432
T#clef2005_0144|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0145|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0146|9|1|940|alpino_lc|883
T#clef2005_0147|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0148|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0149|9|1|910|alpino_lc|880
T#clef2005_0150|5|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0151|5|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0152|11|1|970|alpino_lc|567
T#clef2005_0153|11|1|570|alpino_lc|465
T#clef2005_0154|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0155|8|1|320|alpino_lc|291
T#clef2005_0156|15|1|490|alpino_lc|376
T#clef2005_0157|10|1|170|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2005_0158|8|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2005_0159|9|1|460|alpino_lc|267
T#clef2005_0160|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0161|7|1|110|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2005_0162|6|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2005_0163|10|1|690|alpino_lc|597
T#clef2005_0164|8|1|290|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2005_0165|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0166|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0167|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0168|16|1|700|alpino_lc|905
T#clef2005_0169|10|1|320|alpino_lc|314
T#clef2005_0170|9|1|160|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2005_0171|5|1|180|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0172|5|1|270|alpino_lc|216
T#clef2005_0173|10|1|690|alpino_lc|582
T#clef2005_0174|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0175|4|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0176|7|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0177|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0178|5|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2005_0179|9|1|460|alpino_lc|345
T#clef2005_0180|7|1|110|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2005_0181|10|1|460|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2005_0182|7|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0183|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0184|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2005_0185|10|1|550|alpino_lc|390
T#clef2005_0186|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2005_0187|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2005_0188|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2005_0189|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2005_0190|9|1|230|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2005_0191|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2005_0192|8|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2005_0193|8|1|760|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2005_0194|9|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2005_0195|8|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2005_0196|9|1|750|alpino_lc|625
T#clef2005_0197|9|1|80|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2005_0198|5|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2005_0199|11|1|480|alpino_lc|370
T#clef2005_0200|12|1|2740|alpino_lc|2304
T#clef2006_0001|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0002|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0003|4|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0004|6|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0005|7|1|640|alpino_lc|392
T#clef2006_0006|9|1|480|alpino_lc|400
T#clef2006_0007|8|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2006_0008|7|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2006_0009|11|1|860|alpino_lc|610
T#clef2006_0010|6|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2006_0011|10|1|390|alpino_lc|248
T#clef2006_0012|12|1|1300|alpino_lc|360
T#clef2006_0013|11|1|240|alpino_lc|150
T#clef2006_0014|10|1|320|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2006_0015|11|1|1610|alpino_lc|1772
T#clef2006_0016|5|1|170|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2006_0017|13|1|850|alpino_lc|483
T#clef2006_0018|9|1|270|alpino_lc|147
T#clef2006_0019|9|1|300|alpino_lc|147
T#clef2006_0020|8|1|140|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2006_0021|8|1|510|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2006_0022|6|1|210|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2006_0023|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2006_0024|6|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0025|10|1|660|alpino_lc|575
T#clef2006_0026|7|1|180|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2006_0027|8|1|620|alpino_lc|544
T#clef2006_0028|13|1|230|alpino_lc|172
T#clef2006_0029|9|1|300|alpino_lc|337
T#clef2006_0030|6|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2006_0031|13|1|2020|alpino_lc|1530
T#clef2006_0032|13|1|1240|alpino_lc|1351
T#clef2006_0033|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2006_0034|8|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2006_0035|8|1|240|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2006_0036|6|1|240|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2006_0037|4|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2006_0038|7|1|170|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2006_0039|9|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2006_0040|13|1|2640|alpino_lc|2218
T#clef2006_0041|9|1|240|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2006_0042|12|1|850|alpino_lc|405
T#clef2006_0043|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2006_0044|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2006_0045|13|1|420|alpino_lc|242
T#clef2006_0046|12|1|560|alpino_lc|483
T#clef2006_0047|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0048|13|1|910|alpino_lc|291
T#clef2006_0049|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2006_0050|7|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2006_0051|7|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2006_0052|9|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2006_0053|6|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2006_0054|7|1|160|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2006_0055|8|1|260|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2006_0056|6|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2006_0057|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2006_0058|9|1|690|alpino_lc|401
T#clef2006_0059|5|1|110|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2006_0060|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2006_0061|10|1|260|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2006_0062|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0063|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2006_0064|10|1|750|alpino_lc|412
T#clef2006_0065|10|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#clef2006_0066|7|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2006_0067|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0068|8|1|2610|alpino_lc|746
T#clef2006_0069|8|1|650|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2006_0070|9|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2006_0071|7|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2006_0072|12|1|850|alpino_lc|657
T#clef2006_0073|16|1|1750|alpino_lc|1037
T#clef2006_0074|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2006_0075|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0076|4|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2006_0077|6|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2006_0078|10|1|710|alpino_lc|236
T#clef2006_0079|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0080|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0081|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0082|9|1|260|alpino_lc|205
T#clef2006_0083|13|1|1530|alpino_lc|754
T#clef2006_0084|7|1|150|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2006_0085|9|1|310|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2006_0086|10|1|180|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2006_0087|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0088|8|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2006_0089|7|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2006_0090|9|1|220|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2006_0091|7|1|180|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2006_0092|10|1|1060|alpino_lc|796
T#clef2006_0093|8|1|240|alpino_lc|271
T#clef2006_0094|9|1|370|alpino_lc|455
T#clef2006_0095|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0096|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|1007
T#clef2006_0097|5|1|90|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2006_0098|9|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2006_0099|7|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2006_0100|8|1|440|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2006_0101|12|1|760|alpino_lc|460
T#clef2006_0102|12|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2006_0103|4|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2006_0104|6|1|120|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2006_0105|5|1|190|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2006_0106|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2006_0107|4|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2006_0108|23|1|1690|alpino_lc|522
T#clef2006_0109|6|1|360|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2006_0110|6|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2006_0111|8|1|200|alpino_lc|155
T#clef2006_0112|9|1|930|alpino_lc|883
T#clef2006_0113|7|1|480|alpino_lc|311
T#clef2006_0114|4|1|170|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2006_0115|16|1|270|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2006_0116|7|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2006_0117|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0118|6|1|140|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2006_0119|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2006_0120|4|1|210|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2006_0121|8|1|340|alpino_lc|291
T#clef2006_0122|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0123|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0124|5|1|210|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2006_0125|6|1|110|alpino_lc|97
T#clef2006_0126|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0127|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2006_0128|19|1|2600|alpino_lc|2053
T#clef2006_0129|7|1|220|alpino_lc|160
T#clef2006_0130|11|1|410|alpino_lc|173
T#clef2006_0131|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2006_0132|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2006_0133|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2006_0134|4|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2006_0135|10|1|160|alpino_lc|109
T#clef2006_0136|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2006_0137|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0138|11|1|2230|alpino_lc|2167
T#clef2006_0139|5|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2006_0140|5|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0141|8|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2006_0142|7|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2006_0143|5|1|210|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2006_0144|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0145|10|1|2940|alpino_lc|2035
T#clef2006_0146|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0147|3|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2006_0148|10|1|1490|alpino_lc|683
T#clef2006_0149|14|1|180|alpino_lc|71
T#clef2006_0150|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0151|8|1|350|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2006_0152|5|1|90|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2006_0153|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0154|5|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0155|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2006_0156|9|1|2100|alpino_lc|1020
T#clef2006_0157|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0158|6|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2006_0159|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2006_0160|12|1|610|alpino_lc|244
T#clef2006_0161|20|1|3330|alpino_lc|3787
T#clef2006_0162|11|1|520|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2006_0163|8|1|330|alpino_lc|267
T#clef2006_0164|8|1|710|alpino_lc|531
T#clef2006_0165|13|1|880|alpino_lc|410
T#clef2006_0166|12|1|1230|alpino_lc|1371
T#clef2006_0167|9|1|790|alpino_lc|495
T#clef2006_0168|10|1|2110|alpino_lc|1595
T#clef2006_0169|12|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2006_0170|12|1|830|alpino_lc|504
T#clef2006_0171|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2006_0172|5|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2006_0173|8|1|920|alpino_lc|882
T#clef2006_0174|11|1|1280|alpino_lc|715
T#clef2006_0175|10|1|180|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2006_0176|8|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2006_0177|10|1|180|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2006_0178|13|1|4150|alpino_lc|3649
T#clef2006_0179|10|1|550|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2006_0180|9|1|670|alpino_lc|554
T#clef2006_0181|10|1|450|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2006_0182|14|1|930|alpino_lc|885
T#clef2006_0183|14|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2006_0184|6|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2006_0185|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|952
T#clef2006_0186|7|1|430|alpino_lc|270
T#clef2006_0187|9|1|830|alpino_lc|458
T#clef2006_0188|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2006_0189|6|1|190|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2006_0190|4|1|200|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2006_0191|4|1|170|alpino_lc|87
T#clef2006_0192|7|1|180|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2006_0193|5|1|260|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2006_0194|7|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2006_0195|6|1|180|alpino_lc|123
T#clef2006_0196|5|1|90|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2006_0197|7|1|180|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2006_0198|14|1|2860|alpino_lc|2827
T#clef2006_0199|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2006_0200|8|1|300|alpino_lc|241
T#clef2007_0001-1600|8|1|490|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2007_0002-1600|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2007_0003-1600|6|1|110|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2007_0004-1601|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0005-1601|12|1|1580|alpino_lc|1747
T#clef2007_0006-1601|9|1|240|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2007_0007-1602|6|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0008-1603|9|1|370|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2007_0009-1603|10|1|200|alpino_lc|123
T#clef2007_0010-1604|10|1|280|alpino_lc|286
T#clef2007_0011-1605|7|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2007_0012-1605|9|1|220|alpino_lc|150
T#clef2007_0013-1606|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2007_0014-1606|5|1|200|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2007_0015-1606|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2007_0016-1606|7|1|70|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2007_0017-1607|10|1|380|alpino_lc|281
T#clef2007_0018-1607|12|1|1170|alpino_lc|1419
T#clef2007_0019-1608|8|1|1180|alpino_lc|796
T#clef2007_0020-1608|9|1|160|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2007_0021-1608|8|1|300|alpino_lc|262
T#clef2007_0022-1608|6|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2007_0023-1609|10|1|770|alpino_lc|379
T#clef2007_0024-1609|6|1|140|alpino_lc|116
T#clef2007_0025-1609|10|1|230|alpino_lc|157
T#clef2007_0026-1609|4|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2007_0027-1610|8|1|130|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2007_0028-1610|8|1|220|alpino_lc|210
T#clef2007_0029-1611|12|1|610|alpino_lc|284
T#clef2007_0030-1611|4|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2007_0031-1611|7|1|80|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2007_0032-1611|8|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2007_0033-1612|9|1|900|alpino_lc|935
T#clef2007_0034-1613|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2007_0035-1613|11|1|2000|alpino_lc|1684
T#clef2007_0036-1613|7|1|170|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2007_0037-1613|7|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2007_0038-1614|9|1|400|alpino_lc|243
T#clef2007_0039-1614|9|1|120|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2007_0040-1615|13|1|720|alpino_lc|1061
T#clef2007_0041-1615|6|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2007_0042-1616|8|1|450|alpino_lc|374
T#clef2007_0043-1616|10|1|140|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2007_0044-1616|5|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2007_0045-1617|9|1|750|alpino_lc|743
T#clef2007_0046-1617|6|1|300|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2007_0047-1618|14|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2007_0048-1619|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0049-1619|4|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0050-1619|11|1|910|alpino_lc|688
T#clef2007_0051-1620|9|1|160|alpino_lc|113
T#clef2007_0052-1620|8|1|550|alpino_lc|490
T#clef2007_0053-1620|7|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#clef2007_0054-1621|12|1|440|alpino_lc|361
T#clef2007_0055-1621|6|1|290|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2007_0056-1621|12|1|180|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2007_0057-1622|12|1|420|alpino_lc|328
T#clef2007_0058-1622|8|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2007_0059-1622|8|1|180|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2007_0060-1622|5|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2007_0061-1623|10|1|930|alpino_lc|557
T#clef2007_0062-1623|7|1|530|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2007_0063-1624|7|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0064-1625|5|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0065-1625|9|1|200|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2007_0066-1626|9|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0067-1627|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#clef2007_0068-1628|9|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0069-1628|7|1|430|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2007_0070-1629|10|1|1140|alpino_lc|1023
T#clef2007_0071-1629|10|1|330|alpino_lc|214
T#clef2007_0072-1629|5|1|260|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2007_0073-1629|5|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2007_0074-1630|6|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2007_0075-1630|7|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2007_0076-1631|12|1|1720|alpino_lc|1460
T#clef2007_0077-1631|16|1|5200|alpino_lc|4929
T#clef2007_0078-1631|6|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2007_0079-1632|6|1|170|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2007_0080-1633|11|1|470|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2007_0081-1634|8|1|550|alpino_lc|520
T#clef2007_0082-1635|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0083-1636|14|1|2500|alpino_lc|1767
T#clef2007_0084-1636|5|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2007_0085-1637|8|1|350|alpino_lc|297
T#clef2007_0086-1637|10|1|250|alpino_lc|248
T#clef2007_0087-1637|6|1|270|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2007_0088-1638|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2007_0089-1638|6|1|100|alpino_lc|9
T#clef2007_0090-1638|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2007_0091-1638|8|1|90|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2007_0092-1639|7|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2007_0093-1639|6|1|240|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2007_0094-1639|6|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#clef2007_0095-1639|5|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2007_0096-1640|5|1|210|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2007_0097-1640|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2007_0098-1640|6|1|190|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2007_0099-1640|6|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2007_0100-1641|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2007_0101-1641|12|1|980|alpino_lc|870
T#clef2007_0102-1641|10|1|340|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2007_0103-1641|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0104-1642|9|1|660|alpino_lc|467
T#clef2007_0105-1642|9|1|2980|alpino_lc|2046
T#clef2007_0106-1642|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2007_0107-1642|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2007_0108-1643|9|1|290|alpino_lc|224
T#clef2007_0109-1643|9|1|150|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2007_0110-1643|7|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2007_0111-1643|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0112-1644|9|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2007_0113-1644|5|1|160|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2007_0114-1644|9|1|950|alpino_lc|623
T#clef2007_0115-1644|6|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2007_0116-1645|9|1|360|alpino_lc|206
T#clef2007_0117-1645|9|1|610|alpino_lc|664
T#clef2007_0118-1645|10|1|240|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0119-1646|7|1|380|alpino_lc|287
T#clef2007_0120-1647|6|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2007_0121-1648|11|1|300|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2007_0122-1648|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2007_0123-1648|9|1|240|alpino_lc|193
T#clef2007_0124-1649|6|1|40|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2007_0125-1650|10|1|260|alpino_lc|168
T#clef2007_0126-1650|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0127-1650|7|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0128-1651|7|1|180|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2007_0129-1651|8|1|190|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2007_0130-1651|7|1|380|alpino_lc|318
T#clef2007_0131-1652|6|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2007_0132-1653|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0133-1653|8|1|360|alpino_lc|235
T#clef2007_0134-1653|8|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2007_0135-1654|12|1|170|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2007_0136-1654|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0137-1655|6|1|570|alpino_lc|303
T#clef2007_0138-1655|6|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#clef2007_0139-1656|7|1|220|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2007_0140-1656|12|1|650|alpino_lc|723
T#clef2007_0141-1656|11|1|1830|alpino_lc|716
T#clef2007_0142-1657|6|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2007_0143-1657|8|1|390|alpino_lc|273
T#clef2007_0144-1657|8|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2007_0145-1658|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2007_0146-1658|7|1|710|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2007_0147-1658|8|1|670|alpino_lc|519
T#clef2007_0148-1658|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#clef2007_0149-1659|10|1|230|alpino_lc|167
T#clef2007_0150-1659|8|1|540|alpino_lc|550
T#clef2007_0151-1660|4|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#clef2007_0152-1660|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2007_0153-1660|5|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#clef2007_0154-1661|10|1|1300|alpino_lc|261
T#clef2007_0155-1661|9|1|950|alpino_lc|589
T#clef2007_0156-1662|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0157-1662|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2007_0158-1662|11|1|800|alpino_lc|1052
T#clef2007_0159-1662|5|1|270|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0160-1663|5|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0161-1663|7|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2007_0162-1663|6|1|140|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2007_0163-1664|8|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#clef2007_0164-1664|5|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2007_0165-1664|9|1|740|alpino_lc|564
T#clef2007_0166-1665|4|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2007_0167-1665|5|1|130|alpino_lc|151
T#clef2007_0168-1666|5|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#clef2007_0169-1666|6|1|90|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2007_0170-1667|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0171-1667|11|1|1560|alpino_lc|1405
T#clef2007_0172-1668|8|1|1070|alpino_lc|162
T#clef2007_0173-1668|9|1|160|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2007_0174-1668|9|1|280|alpino_lc|253
T#clef2007_0175-1668|9|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2007_0176-1669|10|1|1550|alpino_lc|1391
T#clef2007_0177-1669|6|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2007_0178-1669|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2007_0179-1669|6|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2007_0180-1670|6|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2007_0181-1670|8|1|340|alpino_lc|279
T#clef2007_0182-1671|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2007_0183-1671|8|1|350|alpino_lc|339
T#clef2007_0184-1671|5|1|90|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2007_0185-1672|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0186-1672|5|1|230|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2007_0187-1672|5|1|290|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2007_0188-1672|6|1|320|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2007_0189-1673|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2007_0190-1674|10|1|730|alpino_lc|535
T#clef2007_0191-1674|7|1|440|alpino_lc|337
T#clef2007_0192-1674|4|1|110|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2007_0193-1675|11|1|1990|alpino_lc|1599
T#clef2007_0194-1675|10|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2007_0195-1675|7|1|70|alpino_lc|45
T#clef2007_0196-1676|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0197-1676|7|1|400|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2007_0198-1676|5|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2007_0199-1677|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2007_0200-1677|5|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2008_0001-2300|8|1|640|alpino_lc|274
T#clef2008_0002-2300|9|1|130|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_0003-2300|8|1|280|alpino_lc|239
T#clef2008_0004-2300|16|1|410|alpino_lc|248
T#clef2008_0005-2301|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0006-2301|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2008_0007-2301|7|1|190|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2008_0008-2301|8|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2008_0009-2302|6|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_0010-2302|8|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2008_0011-2302|11|1|370|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2008_0012-2302|7|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_0013-2303|9|1|370|alpino_lc|266
T#clef2008_0014-2303|7|1|150|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_0015-2303|5|1|60|alpino_lc|44
T#clef2008_0016-2303|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_0017-2304|5|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_0018-2304|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#clef2008_0019-2304|9|1|520|alpino_lc|425
T#clef2008_0020-2304|5|1|90|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2008_0021-2305|15|1|4500|alpino_lc|1964
T#clef2008_0022-2305|6|1|170|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2008_0023-2305|9|1|230|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2008_0024-2305|12|1|1020|alpino_lc|369
T#clef2008_0025-2306|14|1|1870|alpino_lc|410
T#clef2008_0026-2306|8|1|480|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2008_0027-2306|6|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2008_0028-2306|13|1|490|alpino_lc|291
T#clef2008_0029-2307|8|1|310|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2008_0030-2307|10|1|220|alpino_lc|144
T#clef2008_0031-2307|12|1|800|alpino_lc|500
T#clef2008_0032-2307|12|1|240|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2008_0033-2308|9|1|510|alpino_lc|584
T#clef2008_0034-2308|6|1|380|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2008_0035-2308|9|1|350|alpino_lc|325
T#clef2008_0036-2308|9|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_0037-2309|8|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0038-2309|4|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2008_0039-2309|8|1|280|alpino_lc|296
T#clef2008_0040-2309|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2008_0041-2310|8|1|320|alpino_lc|245
T#clef2008_0042-2310|8|1|270|alpino_lc|173
T#clef2008_0043-2310|7|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_0044-2310|9|1|370|alpino_lc|96
T#clef2008_0045-2311|6|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0046-2311|6|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2008_0047-2311|7|1|40|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2008_0048-2311|9|1|170|alpino_lc|72
T#clef2008_0049-2312|9|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_0050-2312|11|1|320|alpino_lc|221
T#clef2008_0051-2312|9|1|150|alpino_lc|125
T#clef2008_0052-2313|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0053-2313|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2008_0054-2313|8|1|310|alpino_lc|126
T#clef2008_0055-2313|12|1|2300|alpino_lc|2506
T#clef2008_0056-2314|8|1|460|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2008_0057-2314|9|1|870|alpino_lc|536
T#clef2008_0058-2314|13|1|430|alpino_lc|280
T#clef2008_0059-2315|10|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2008_0060-2315|14|1|3360|alpino_lc|1314
T#clef2008_0061-2315|11|1|590|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2008_0062-2316|10|1|170|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2008_0063-2316|6|1|450|alpino_lc|187
T#clef2008_0064-2316|5|1|20|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2008_0065-2317|8|1|1150|alpino_lc|1188
T#clef2008_0066-2317|6|1|270|alpino_lc|225
T#clef2008_0067-2317|7|1|130|alpino_lc|93
T#clef2008_0068-2318|8|1|260|alpino_lc|147
T#clef2008_0069-2318|9|1|540|alpino_lc|409
T#clef2008_0070-2318|18|1|570|alpino_lc|316
T#clef2008_0071-2319|10|1|9930|alpino_lc|4447
T#clef2008_0072-2319|16|1|2450|alpino_lc|1031
T#clef2008_0073-2320|12|1|380|alpino_lc|238
T#clef2008_0074-2320|8|1|260|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2008_0075-2321|12|1|230|alpino_lc|182
T#clef2008_0076-2321|13|1|940|alpino_lc|903
T#clef2008_0077-2322|6|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0078-2322|7|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2008_0079-2323|9|1|120|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_0080-2323|7|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2008_0081-2324|14|1|2020|alpino_lc|1882
T#clef2008_0082-2324|5|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#clef2008_0083-2325|10|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_0084-2325|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|1231
T#clef2008_0085-2326|6|1|60|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2008_0086-2326|6|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2008_0087-2327|10|1|210|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2008_0088-2327|8|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_0089-2328|8|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2008_0090-2328|6|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_0091-2329|5|1|190|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0092-2329|7|1|310|alpino_lc|202
T#clef2008_0093-2330|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0094-2331|9|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2008_0095-2331|6|1|140|alpino_lc|200
T#clef2008_0096-2332|8|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2008_0097-2333|7|1|300|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2008_0098-2334|9|1|300|alpino_lc|298
T#clef2008_0099-2335|9|1|870|alpino_lc|566
T#clef2008_0100-2336|4|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0101-2337|11|1|180|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2008_0102-2338|10|1|660|alpino_lc|519
T#clef2008_0103-2339|9|1|360|alpino_lc|429
T#clef2008_0104-2340|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0105-2341|6|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0106-2342|6|1|300|alpino_lc|158
T#clef2008_0107-2343|14|1|1240|alpino_lc|1029
T#clef2008_0108-2344|7|1|280|alpino_lc|131
T#clef2008_0109-2345|6|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_0110-2346|17|1|4750|alpino_lc|1704
T#clef2008_0111-2347|15|1|800|alpino_lc|784
T#clef2008_0112-2348|7|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2008_0113-2348|8|1|140|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2008_0114-2349|14|1|260|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2008_0115-2350|13|1|420|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2008_0116-2351|16|1|3630|alpino_lc|1097
T#clef2008_0117-2352|15|1|1690|alpino_lc|2536
T#clef2008_0118-2353|8|1|310|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2008_0119-2354|7|1|70|alpino_lc|52
T#clef2008_0120-2355|10|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2008_0121-2356|7|1|380|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2008_0122-2357|13|1|1380|alpino_lc|1269
T#clef2008_0123-2357|9|1|550|alpino_lc|454
T#clef2008_0124-2358|10|1|810|alpino_lc|614
T#clef2008_0125-2358|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#clef2008_0126-2359|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_0127-2360|17|1|2910|alpino_lc|1835
T#clef2008_0128-2361|11|1|1730|alpino_lc|1220
T#clef2008_0129-2362|13|1|1210|alpino_lc|1030
T#clef2008_0130-2363|6|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0131-2364|10|1|420|alpino_lc|153
T#clef2008_0132-2365|16|1|900|alpino_lc|427
T#clef2008_0133-2366|8|1|200|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0134-2367|11|1|460|alpino_lc|283
T#clef2008_0135-2368|7|1|410|alpino_lc|222
T#clef2008_0136-2369|7|1|70|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2008_0137-2370|6|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0138-2371|10|1|1020|alpino_lc|718
T#clef2008_0139-2372|11|1|380|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_0140-2373|9|1|160|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_0141-2374|17|1|3150|alpino_lc|2254
T#clef2008_0142-2375|12|1|430|alpino_lc|310
T#clef2008_0143-2376|5|1|190|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_0144-2377|12|1|570|alpino_lc|524
T#clef2008_0145-2378|4|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_0146-2379|11|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2008_0147-2380|11|1|200|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2008_0148-2381|18|1|1420|alpino_lc|456
T#clef2008_0149-2382|10|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2008_0150-2383|8|1|300|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2008_0151-2384|11|1|1280|alpino_lc|509
T#clef2008_0152-2385|10|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2008_0153-2386|12|1|1610|alpino_lc|667
T#clef2008_0154-2387|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0155-2388|15|1|1460|alpino_lc|728
T#clef2008_0156-2389|22|1|5310|alpino_lc|2767
T#clef2008_0157-2390|9|1|760|alpino_lc|532
T#clef2008_0158-2391|8|1|1050|alpino_lc|581
T#clef2008_0159-2392|7|1|120|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2008_0160-2393|7|1|250|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2008_0161-2394|7|1|170|alpino_lc|108
T#clef2008_0162-2395|13|1|960|alpino_lc|394
T#clef2008_0163-2396|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_0164-2397|8|1|230|alpino_lc|144
T#clef2008_0165-2398|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_0166-2399|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#clef2008_0167-2400|12|1|760|alpino_lc|638
T#clef2008_0168-2401|18|1|1840|alpino_lc|1074
T#clef2008_0169-2402|11|1|140|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_0170-2403|9|1|900|alpino_lc|748
T#clef2008_0171-2404|13|1|250|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2008_0172-2405|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0173-2406|8|1|700|alpino_lc|523
T#clef2008_0174-2407|13|1|1040|alpino_lc|775
T#clef2008_0175-2408|5|1|210|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2008_0176-2409|8|1|190|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2008_0177-2410|11|1|310|alpino_lc|238
T#clef2008_0178-2411|9|1|280|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2008_0179-2412|9|1|310|alpino_lc|273
T#clef2008_0180-2413|13|1|280|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2008_0181-2414|15|1|2050|alpino_lc|1366
T#clef2008_0182-2415|11|1|1400|alpino_lc|1165
T#clef2008_0183-2416|14|1|2190|alpino_lc|1586
T#clef2008_0184-2417|11|1|240|alpino_lc|154
T#clef2008_0185-2418|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2008_0186-2419|8|1|490|alpino_lc|300
T#clef2008_0187-2420|10|1|420|alpino_lc|569
T#clef2008_0188-2421|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_0189-2422|12|1|850|alpino_lc|606
T#clef2008_0190-2423|9|1|1820|alpino_lc|1441
T#clef2008_0191-2424|7|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_0192-2425|5|1|320|alpino_lc|200
T#clef2008_0193-2426|7|1|160|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2008_0194-2427|17|1|1910|alpino_lc|1339
T#clef2008_0195-2428|15|1|1560|alpino_lc|1230
T#clef2008_0196-2429|12|1|6970|alpino_lc|4333
T#clef2008_0197-2430|6|1|160|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_0198-2431|11|1|460|alpino_lc|433
T#clef2008_0199-2432|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|1122
T#clef2008_0200-2433|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#clef2008_nl2en0001-44|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2en0002-44|7|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2008_nl2en0003-44|5|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2008_nl2en0004-44|7|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2008_nl2en0005-53_2|9|1|970|alpino_lc|746
T#clef2008_nl2en0006-53_2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2008_nl2en0007-53_2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_nl2en0008-53_2|8|1|240|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2008_nl2en0009-21|8|1|160|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2008_nl2en0010-21|5|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2008_nl2en0011-24|13|1|1740|alpino_lc|1622
T#clef2008_nl2en0012-24|7|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_nl2en0013-31|8|1|680|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2008_nl2en0014-31|6|1|140|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2008_nl2en0015-31|14|1|1910|alpino_lc|2208
T#clef2008_nl2en0016-34|10|1|450|alpino_lc|139
T#clef2008_nl2en0017-34|8|1|260|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2008_nl2en0018-34|9|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#clef2008_nl2en0019-40|12|1|340|alpino_lc|85
T#clef2008_nl2en0020-40|9|1|350|alpino_lc|215
T#clef2008_nl2en0021-43|10|1|970|alpino_lc|708
T#clef2008_nl2en0022-43|9|1|910|alpino_lc|273
T#clef2008_nl2en0023-46|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2en0024-47|10|1|180|alpino_lc|98
T#clef2008_nl2en0025-47|9|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2en0026-50|7|1|160|alpino_lc|94
T#clef2008_nl2en0027-52|8|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2en0028-52|14|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2en0029-55|6|1|240|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2008_nl2en0030-56|11|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2en0031-56|11|1|600|alpino_lc|552
T#clef2008_nl2en0032-56|8|1|270|alpino_lc|165
T#clef2008_nl2en0033-56|10|1|580|alpino_lc|471
T#clef2008_nl2en0034-3|10|1|190|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2008_nl2en0035-3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|238
T#clef2008_nl2en0036-44|11|1|150|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2008_nl2en0037-45|12|1|300|alpino_lc|149
T#clef2008_nl2en0038-45|8|1|380|alpino_lc|159
T#clef2008_nl2en0039-48|9|1|410|alpino_lc|149
T#clef2008_nl2en0040-49|4|1|100|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2008_nl2en0041-51|13|1|8900|alpino_lc|6539
T#clef2008_nl2en0042-52|16|1|330|alpino_lc|201
T#clef2008_nl2en0043-54|4|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0044-54|6|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2008_nl2en0045-54|9|1|530|alpino_lc|350
T#clef2008_nl2en0046-54|9|1|870|alpino_lc|506
T#clef2008_nl2en0047-58|10|1|500|alpino_lc|309
T#clef2008_nl2en0048-59|16|1|5110|alpino_lc|4171
T#clef2008_nl2en0049-1_5|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0050-1_5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2en0051-4|9|1|910|alpino_lc|529
T#clef2008_nl2en0052-4|6|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2008_nl2en0053-4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2008_nl2en0054-4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2008_nl2en0055-7|14|1|220|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2008_nl2en0056-7|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2008_nl2en0057-12|9|1|190|alpino_lc|141
T#clef2008_nl2en0058-14_1|11|1|1950|alpino_lc|1183
T#clef2008_nl2en0059-15|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0060-16|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0061-17_2|10|1|1460|alpino_lc|994
T#clef2008_nl2en0062-17|13|1|350|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2008_nl2en0063-19|10|1|1580|alpino_lc|1180
T#clef2008_nl2en0064-20|8|1|570|alpino_lc|334
T#clef2008_nl2en0065-21|8|1|290|alpino_lc|84
T#clef2008_nl2en0066-22|6|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2en0067-24|6|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2008_nl2en0068-25|14|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2008_nl2en0069-26|7|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#clef2008_nl2en0070-28_8|6|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2008_nl2en0071-28_8|25|1|720|alpino_lc|451
T#clef2008_nl2en0072-30|14|1|1200|alpino_lc|1923
T#clef2008_nl2en0073-30|12|1|250|alpino_lc|223
T#clef2008_nl2en0074-32|10|1|680|alpino_lc|487
T#clef2008_nl2en0075-34|9|1|350|alpino_lc|142
T#clef2008_nl2en0076-35|9|1|730|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2008_nl2en0077-36|8|1|540|alpino_lc|386
T#clef2008_nl2en0078-37|8|1|180|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_nl2en0079-43|19|1|29620|alpino_lc|14861
T#clef2008_nl2en0080-44|13|1|1610|alpino_lc|703
T#clef2008_nl2en0081-44|11|1|740|alpino_lc|820
T#clef2008_nl2en0082-27|9|1|530|alpino_lc|104
T#clef2008_nl2en0083-28|7|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2008_nl2en0084-29|13|1|570|alpino_lc|452
T#clef2008_nl2en0085-31|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2008_nl2en0086-33_8|9|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2008_nl2en0087-34_7|10|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#clef2008_nl2en0088-35_4|8|1|340|alpino_lc|272
T#clef2008_nl2en0089-36|11|1|450|alpino_lc|305
T#clef2008_nl2en0090-37|7|1|330|alpino_lc|245
T#clef2008_nl2en0091-38|7|1|230|alpino_lc|132
T#clef2008_nl2en0092-39|13|1|1060|alpino_lc|584
T#clef2008_nl2en0093-40|8|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_nl2en0094-42|8|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_nl2en0095-43_5|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0096-44|11|1|190|alpino_lc|174
T#clef2008_nl2en0097-45|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0098-46|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0099-47_0|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#clef2008_nl2en0100-48_3|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0101-49_6|11|1|150|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_nl2en0102-50_9|9|1|170|alpino_lc|117
T#clef2008_nl2en0103-51|6|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0104-52_3|6|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0105-53_3|8|1|1370|alpino_lc|350
T#clef2008_nl2en0106-55|7|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2en0107-54|11|1|340|alpino_lc|216
T#clef2008_nl2en0108-56_9|8|1|160|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2en0109-57_9|8|1|140|alpino_lc|48
T#clef2008_nl2en0110-58|5|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2en0111-59|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0112-0|9|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#clef2008_nl2en0113-1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_nl2en0114-2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2008_nl2en0115-3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2008_nl2en0116-4|8|1|460|alpino_lc|289
T#clef2008_nl2en0117-6_2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|164
T#clef2008_nl2en0118-8_0|10|1|650|alpino_lc|327
T#clef2008_nl2en0119-8|15|1|2940|alpino_lc|2242
T#clef2008_nl2en0120-10|8|1|200|alpino_lc|131
T#clef2008_nl2en0121-11|8|1|620|alpino_lc|321
T#clef2008_nl2en0122-13_3|11|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#clef2008_nl2en0123-14_9|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_nl2en0124-15|11|1|1300|alpino_lc|1345
T#clef2008_nl2en0125-16_2|7|1|150|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_nl2en0126-17|7|1|120|alpino_lc|101
T#clef2008_nl2en0127-18|10|1|1010|alpino_lc|805
T#clef2008_nl2en0128-19|14|1|390|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2008_nl2en0129-19|7|1|880|alpino_lc|806
T#clef2008_nl2en0130-45|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0131-45|15|1|3100|alpino_lc|2634
T#clef2008_nl2en0132-42|7|1|60|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2008_nl2en0133-42|6|1|160|alpino_lc|56
T#clef2008_nl2en0134-42|14|1|220|alpino_lc|147
T#clef2008_nl2en0135-47|5|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0136-7_9|5|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2008_nl2en0137-48|6|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2en0138-49|8|1|400|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2008_nl2en0139-50|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2008_nl2en0140-52_3|11|1|290|alpino_lc|152
T#clef2008_nl2en0141-53_1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2en0142-53|8|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_nl2en0143-53|8|1|390|alpino_lc|292
T#clef2008_nl2en0144-56|6|1|290|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_nl2en0145-57|6|1|190|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2008_nl2en0146-57|9|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2008_nl2en0147-59|15|1|390|alpino_lc|195
T#clef2008_nl2en0148-0|9|1|450|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2008_nl2en0149-0|10|1|580|alpino_lc|383
T#clef2008_nl2en0150-3_8|17|1|3720|alpino_lc|3920
T#clef2008_nl2en0151-4|8|1|1440|alpino_lc|1036
T#clef2008_nl2en0152-6|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|1073
T#clef2008_nl2en0153-8_2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2en0154-8|8|1|670|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2008_nl2en0155-9|9|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#clef2008_nl2en0156-10|16|1|890|alpino_lc|473
T#clef2008_nl2en0157-14|14|1|560|alpino_lc|351
T#clef2008_nl2en0158-15|6|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_nl2en0159-17_7|10|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2en0160-18_4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2en0161-19_6|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2008_nl2en0162-24|13|1|620|alpino_lc|422
T#clef2008_nl2en0163-26|8|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_nl2en0164-27|11|1|930|alpino_lc|1041
T#clef2008_nl2en0165-28|12|1|1310|alpino_lc|1164
T#clef2008_nl2en0166-29|7|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2en0167-30|6|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_nl2en0168-31|11|1|210|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2008_nl2en0169-32|8|1|380|alpino_lc|248
T#clef2008_nl2en0170-49_1|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0171-50|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0172-51|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0173-52|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0174-53|14|1|640|alpino_lc|518
T#clef2008_nl2en0175-2|10|1|230|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2008_nl2en0176-3|9|1|690|alpino_lc|651
T#clef2008_nl2en0177-5|7|1|210|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2008_nl2en0178-6|8|1|920|alpino_lc|868
T#clef2008_nl2en0179-7|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#clef2008_nl2en0180-9|8|1|230|alpino_lc|114
T#clef2008_nl2en0181-9|8|1|100|alpino_lc|80
T#clef2008_nl2en0182-11|9|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#clef2008_nl2en0183-12|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|695
T#clef2008_nl2en0184-13|15|1|1530|alpino_lc|2485
T#clef2008_nl2en0185-14|17|1|14110|alpino_lc|12808
T#clef2008_nl2en0186-15|13|1|250|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2en0187-16|13|1|180|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2008_nl2en0188-18_4|13|1|920|alpino_lc|447
T#clef2008_nl2en0189-19|8|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2008_nl2en0190-20|7|1|360|alpino_lc|187
T#clef2008_nl2en0191-21|5|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2008_nl2en0192-22|12|1|4730|alpino_lc|5080
T#clef2008_nl2en0193-23|12|1|1580|alpino_lc|1460
T#clef2008_nl2en0194-24|12|1|340|alpino_lc|178
T#clef2008_nl2en0195-25|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2en0196-26|6|1|170|alpino_lc|121
T#clef2008_nl2en0197-28|7|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#clef2008_nl2en0198-29|9|1|300|alpino_lc|91
T#clef2008_nl2en0199-18|10|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#clef2008_nl2en0200-22|7|1|380|alpino_lc|228
T#clef2008_nl2es0001-9|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0002-12|6|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0003-12|8|1|200|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2008_nl2es0004-12|12|1|640|alpino_lc|428
T#clef2008_nl2es0005-15|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|1258
T#clef2008_nl2es0006-15|8|1|470|alpino_lc|448
T#clef2008_nl2es0007-17|5|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0008-17|10|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#clef2008_nl2es0009-19|5|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#clef2008_nl2es0010-19|5|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2008_nl2es0011-21|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_nl2es0012-21|7|1|270|alpino_lc|295
T#clef2008_nl2es0013-23|9|1|230|alpino_lc|124
T#clef2008_nl2es0014-23|5|1|70|alpino_lc|53
T#clef2008_nl2es0015-25|6|1|190|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_nl2es0016-25|11|1|600|alpino_lc|421
T#clef2008_nl2es0017-26|8|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_nl2es0018-26|6|1|230|alpino_lc|149
T#clef2008_nl2es0019-28|9|1|440|alpino_lc|173
T#clef2008_nl2es0020-28|5|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2es0021-28|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#clef2008_nl2es0022-31|5|1|180|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0023-31|5|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2008_nl2es0024-33|8|1|210|alpino_lc|111
T#clef2008_nl2es0025-33|7|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2008_nl2es0026-34|6|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#clef2008_nl2es0027-34|5|1|280|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2008_nl2es0028-37|6|1|190|alpino_lc|15
T#clef2008_nl2es0029-37|7|1|100|alpino_lc|78
T#clef2008_nl2es0030-38|7|1|230|alpino_lc|169
T#clef2008_nl2es0031-38|10|1|1100|alpino_lc|326
T#clef2008_nl2es0032-38|10|1|200|alpino_lc|146
T#clef2008_nl2es0033-42|10|1|650|alpino_lc|420
T#clef2008_nl2es0034-42|7|1|90|alpino_lc|54
T#clef2008_nl2es0035-44|5|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2008_nl2es0036-44|11|1|310|alpino_lc|307
T#clef2008_nl2es0037-44|5|1|120|alpino_lc|97
T#clef2008_nl2es0038-47_8|13|1|170|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2es0039-47_8|9|1|420|alpino_lc|375
T#clef2008_nl2es0040-48|4|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2008_nl2es0041-48|7|1|580|alpino_lc|379
T#clef2008_nl2es0042-50|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2008_nl2es0043-50|6|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2008_nl2es0044-50|8|1|470|alpino_lc|445
T#clef2008_nl2es0045-50|6|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#clef2008_nl2es0046-57_1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|50
T#clef2008_nl2es0047-57_1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|74
T#clef2008_nl2es0048-57_1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2008_nl2es0049-59|11|1|910|alpino_lc|681
T#clef2008_nl2es0050-59|7|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2es0051-1|7|1|720|alpino_lc|541
T#clef2008_nl2es0052-1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2es0053-3_3|5|1|190|alpino_lc|13
T#clef2008_nl2es0054-3_3|9|1|140|alpino_lc|88
T#clef2008_nl2es0055-4|9|1|210|alpino_lc|64
T#clef2008_nl2es0056-4|8|1|190|alpino_lc|127
T#clef2008_nl2es0057-6|10|1|680|alpino_lc|667
T#clef2008_nl2es0058-6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_nl2es0059-6|6|1|170|alpino_lc|23
T#clef2008_nl2es0060-8|6|1|220|alpino_lc|143
T#clef2008_nl2es0061-8|6|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2008_nl2es0062-8|10|1|180|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2008_nl2es0063-8|11|1|910|alpino_lc|1563
T#clef2008_nl2es0064-11|10|1|240|alpino_lc|161
T#clef2008_nl2es0065-11|6|1|160|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2008_nl2es0066-12|9|1|810|alpino_lc|623
T#clef2008_nl2es0067-12|7|1|260|alpino_lc|204
T#clef2008_nl2es0068-12|8|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#clef2008_nl2es0069-14|7|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2008_nl2es0070-14|10|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#clef2008_nl2es0071-16|7|1|460|alpino_lc|315
T#clef2008_nl2es0072-16|7|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2008_nl2es0073-18|10|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2es0074-18|6|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#clef2008_nl2es0075-18|7|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2es0076-21_7|8|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2es0077-21_7|5|1|80|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2008_nl2es0078-22|6|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2008_nl2es0079-22|8|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#clef2008_nl2es0080-23|6|1|150|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2es0081-23|7|1|300|alpino_lc|192
T#clef2008_nl2es0082-25|8|1|410|alpino_lc|227
T#clef2008_nl2es0083-25|7|1|100|alpino_lc|58
T#clef2008_nl2es0084-25|6|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#clef2008_nl2es0085-27|8|1|410|alpino_lc|318
T#clef2008_nl2es0086-27|6|1|110|alpino_lc|39
T#clef2008_nl2es0087-36_3|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0088-36_3|5|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#clef2008_nl2es0089-37|9|1|290|alpino_lc|217
T#clef2008_nl2es0090-37|8|1|310|alpino_lc|137
T#clef2008_nl2es0091-39_4|11|1|380|alpino_lc|251
T#clef2008_nl2es0092-39_4|9|1|330|alpino_lc|287
T#clef2008_nl2es0093-39_4|8|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_nl2es0094-28|6|1|160|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2008_nl2es0095-28|6|1|310|alpino_lc|229
T#clef2008_nl2es0096-40|8|1|420|alpino_lc|163
T#clef2008_nl2es0097-40|9|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#clef2008_nl2es0098-42|6|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2008_nl2es0099-42|8|1|170|alpino_lc|205
T#clef2008_nl2es0100-42|6|1|140|alpino_lc|122
T#clef2008_nl2es0101-45|12|1|1360|alpino_lc|1096
T#clef2008_nl2es0102-45|7|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#clef2008_nl2es0103-46|6|1|200|alpino_lc|138
T#clef2008_nl2es0104-47|11|1|660|alpino_lc|551
T#clef2008_nl2es0105-47|8|1|160|alpino_lc|205
T#clef2008_nl2es0106-49|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_nl2es0107-50|8|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_nl2es0108-50|8|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#clef2008_nl2es0109-51|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#clef2008_nl2es0110-52|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2008_nl2es0111-53|6|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#clef2008_nl2es0112-54|11|1|1310|alpino_lc|1105
T#clef2008_nl2es0113-55|8|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_nl2es0114-56|10|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#clef2008_nl2es0115-57|6|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_nl2es0116-58|8|1|280|alpino_lc|27
T#clef2008_nl2es0118-59|8|1|600|alpino_lc|372
T#clef2008_nl2es0119-0|10|1|760|alpino_lc|361
T#clef2008_nl2es0120-2|7|1|290|alpino_lc|76
T#clef2008_nl2es0121-2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_nl2es0122-3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_nl2es0123-4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#clef2008_nl2es0124-5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#clef2008_nl2es0125-6_4|7|1|250|alpino_lc|57
T#clef2008_nl2es0126-6|10|1|1510|alpino_lc|1261
T#clef2008_nl2es0127-7|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|704
T#clef2008_nl2es0128-8|9|1|150|alpino_lc|90
T#clef2008_nl2es0129-9|13|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2es0130-10|14|1|1900|alpino_lc|1783
T#clef2008_nl2es0131-29|5|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#clef2008_nl2es0132-11|19|1|6250|alpino_lc|5995
T#clef2008_nl2es0133-30_1|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0134-30|17|1|5320|alpino_lc|5045
T#clef2008_nl2es0135-31|8|1|170|alpino_lc|42
T#clef2008_nl2es0136-32|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0137-33|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2es0138-34_7|16|1|4500|alpino_lc|1447
T#clef2008_nl2es0139-34|16|1|220|alpino_lc|40
T#clef2008_nl2es0140-35|9|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#clef2008_nl2es0141-36|9|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#clef2008_nl2es0142-37|10|1|2060|alpino_lc|1582
T#clef2008_nl2es0143-38|10|1|200|alpino_lc|158
T#clef2008_nl2es0144-39|13|1|1340|alpino_lc|528
T#clef2008_nl2es0145-41|17|1|2080|alpino_lc|1845
T#clef2008_nl2es0146-41|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#clef2008_nl2es0147-42|13|1|1070|alpino_lc|817
T#clef2008_nl2es0148-43|9|1|460|alpino_lc|256
T#clef2008_nl2es0149-44|12|1|200|alpino_lc|83
T#clef2008_nl2es0150-45|10|1|420|alpino_lc|233
T#clef2008_nl2es0151-46_2|15|1|680|alpino_lc|562
T#clef2008_nl2es0152-46|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|1097
T#clef2008_nl2es0153-47|9|1|900|alpino_lc|629
T#clef2008_nl2es0154-48|11|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#clef2008_nl2es0155-49|13|1|3630|alpino_lc|1787
T#clef2008_nl2es0156-52_2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2008_nl2es0157-52|10|1|190|alpino_lc|218
T#clef2008_nl2es0158-55|9|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#clef2008_nl2es0159-56|9|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_nl2es0160-57|9|1|900|alpino_lc|724
T#clef2008_nl2es0161-58_1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2es0162-59|9|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#clef2008_nl2es0163-0|8|1|240|alpino_lc|185
T#clef2008_nl2es0164-1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#clef2008_nl2es0165-1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|89
T#clef2008_nl2es0166-2_9|9|1|420|alpino_lc|264
T#clef2008_nl2es0167-2|5|1|230|alpino_lc|107
T#clef2008_nl2es0168-3_6|9|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#clef2008_nl2es0169-3|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0170-3|4|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2008_nl2es0171-5_3|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#clef2008_nl2es0172-5|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0173-6|4|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#clef2008_nl2es0174-7|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0175-8_0|5|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#clef2008_nl2es0176-9|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0177-10|12|1|1000|alpino_lc|877
T#clef2008_nl2es0178-11|10|1|120|alpino_lc|68
T#clef2008_nl2es0179-12|7|1|380|alpino_lc|231
T#clef2008_nl2es0180-13|7|1|120|alpino_lc|43
T#clef2008_nl2es0181-14|10|1|830|alpino_lc|622
T#clef2008_nl2es0182-15|10|1|400|alpino_lc|203
T#clef2008_nl2es0183-16|12|1|290|alpino_lc|97
T#clef2008_nl2es0184-16|8|1|250|alpino_lc|14
T#clef2008_nl2es0185-18|10|1|890|alpino_lc|660
T#clef2008_nl2es0186-18|9|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#clef2008_nl2es0187-19|8|1|140|alpino_lc|12
T#clef2008_nl2es0188-20|8|1|160|alpino_lc|35
T#clef2008_nl2es0189-21|12|1|280|alpino_lc|38
T#clef2008_nl2es0190-22|10|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#clef2008_nl2es0191-23|15|1|580|alpino_lc|273
T#clef2008_nl2es0192-24|7|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#clef2008_nl2es0193-25|9|1|150|alpino_lc|81
T#clef2008_nl2es0194-26|8|1|260|alpino_lc|106
T#clef2008_nl2es0195-27|15|1|340|alpino_lc|119
T#clef2008_nl2es0196-28|12|1|640|alpino_lc|367
T#clef2008_nl2es0197-29|13|1|310|alpino_lc|151
T#clef2008_nl2es0198-29|11|1|180|alpino_lc|100
T#clef2008_nl2es0199-39|8|1|690|alpino_lc|519
T#clef2008_nl2es0200-40|8|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_2|5|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_3|6|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_4|6|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#qa_extra_5|6|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#qa_extra_6|6|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#qa_extra_7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_8|5|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_9|9|1|370|alpino_lc|193
T#qa_extra_10|8|1|90|alpino_lc|58
T#qa_extra_11|7|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_12|7|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#qa_extra_13|7|1|100|alpino_lc|56
T#qa_extra_14|7|1|170|alpino_lc|142
T#qa_extra_15|8|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#qa_extra_16|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#qa_extra_17|4|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_18|7|1|110|alpino_lc|68
T#qa_extra_19|7|1|190|alpino_lc|137
T#qa_extra_20|6|1|70|alpino_lc|48
T#qa_extra_21|6|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#qa_extra_22|7|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#qa_extra_23|7|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#qa_extra_24|6|1|230|alpino_lc|111
T#qa_extra_25|9|1|630|alpino_lc|642
T#qa_extra_26|6|1|150|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_27|6|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_28|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_29|5|1|140|alpino_lc|57
T#qa_extra_30|8|1|520|alpino_lc|482
T#qa_extra_31|5|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#qa_extra_32|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_33|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_34|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_35|10|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#qa_extra_36|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_37|8|1|340|alpino_lc|123
T#qa_extra_38|8|1|340|alpino_lc|125
T#qa_extra_39|9|1|310|alpino_lc|137
T#qa_extra_40|7|1|180|alpino_lc|118
T#qa_extra_41|8|1|590|alpino_lc|453
T#qa_extra_42|7|1|140|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_43|9|1|120|alpino_lc|81
T#qa_extra_44|9|1|150|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_45|10|1|180|alpino_lc|95
T#qa_extra_46|9|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#qa_extra_47|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_48|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_49|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_50|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_51|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_52|10|1|170|alpino_lc|88
T#qa_extra_53|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#qa_extra_54|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#qa_extra_55|6|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_56|7|1|200|alpino_lc|103
T#qa_extra_57|5|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_58|6|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_59|8|1|640|alpino_lc|600
T#qa_extra_60|8|1|120|alpino_lc|116
T#qa_extra_61|7|1|220|alpino_lc|101
T#qa_extra_62|15|1|1500|alpino_lc|711
T#qa_extra_63|17|1|5150|alpino_lc|3939
T#qa_extra_64|8|1|230|alpino_lc|178
T#qa_extra_65|9|1|620|alpino_lc|333
T#qa_extra_66|7|1|190|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_67|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_68|9|1|310|alpino_lc|229
T#qa_extra_69|7|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_70|9|1|300|alpino_lc|201
T#qa_extra_71|8|1|300|alpino_lc|199
T#qa_extra_72|7|1|200|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_73|5|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#qa_extra_74|8|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_75|9|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_76|8|1|200|alpino_lc|134
T#qa_extra_77|8|1|270|alpino_lc|227
T#qa_extra_78|9|1|460|alpino_lc|366
T#qa_extra_79|18|1|2760|alpino_lc|1477
T#qa_extra_80|18|1|1710|alpino_lc|1218
T#qa_extra_81|8|1|280|alpino_lc|219
T#qa_extra_82|6|1|140|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_83|10|1|280|alpino_lc|201
T#qa_extra_84|8|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#qa_extra_85|6|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_86|6|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_87|9|1|550|alpino_lc|413
T#qa_extra_88|6|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#qa_extra_89|7|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#qa_extra_90|7|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#qa_extra_91|8|1|190|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_92|9|1|380|alpino_lc|164
T#qa_extra_93|9|1|630|alpino_lc|453
T#qa_extra_94|12|1|340|alpino_lc|146
T#qa_extra_95|6|1|150|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_96|7|1|270|alpino_lc|186
T#qa_extra_97|6|1|150|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_98|7|1|160|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_99|6|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_100|9|1|380|alpino_lc|336
T#qa_extra_101|6|1|170|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_102|7|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_103|5|1|100|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_104|5|1|110|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_105|6|1|160|alpino_lc|192
T#qa_extra_106|9|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#qa_extra_107|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#qa_extra_108|6|1|150|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_109|5|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_110|5|1|150|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_111|7|1|160|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_112|5|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_113|5|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_114|6|1|530|alpino_lc|148
T#qa_extra_115|6|1|160|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_116|5|1|170|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_117|5|1|180|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_118|5|1|130|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_119|7|1|250|alpino_lc|170
T#qa_extra_120|9|1|410|alpino_lc|338
T#qa_extra_121|9|1|410|alpino_lc|338
T#qa_extra_122|7|1|350|alpino_lc|253
T#qa_extra_123|7|1|840|alpino_lc|228
T#qa_extra_124|6|1|210|alpino_lc|160
T#qa_extra_125|5|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_126|7|1|230|alpino_lc|162
T#qa_extra_127|6|1|120|alpino_lc|96
T#qa_extra_128|6|1|120|alpino_lc|96
T#qa_extra_129|6|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#qa_extra_130|6|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_131|9|1|330|alpino_lc|245
T#qa_extra_132|8|1|330|alpino_lc|347
T#qa_extra_133|7|1|400|alpino_lc|436
T#qa_extra_134|4|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_135|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_136|5|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#qa_extra_137|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#qa_extra_138|9|1|260|alpino_lc|143
T#qa_extra_139|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_140|6|1|190|alpino_lc|158
T#qa_extra_141|7|1|200|alpino_lc|185
T#qa_extra_142|10|1|410|alpino_lc|95
T#qa_extra_143|9|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_144|6|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_145|7|1|280|alpino_lc|190
T#qa_extra_146|9|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_147|7|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#qa_extra_148|7|1|200|alpino_lc|144
T#qa_extra_149|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_150|8|1|260|alpino_lc|293
T#qa_extra_151|13|1|240|alpino_lc|217
T#qa_extra_152|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_153|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_154|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_155|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_156|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_157|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_158|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_159|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_160|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_161|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_162|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_163|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_164|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_165|5|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_166|5|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_167|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_168|5|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_169|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_170|7|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#qa_extra_171|7|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#qa_extra_172|5|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_173|6|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#qa_extra_174|6|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#qa_extra_175|8|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_176|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_177|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_178|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_179|6|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_180|6|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_181|6|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#qa_extra_182|4|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_183|8|1|230|alpino_lc|231
T#qa_extra_184|8|1|310|alpino_lc|109
T#qa_extra_185|6|1|120|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_186|8|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_187|6|1|180|alpino_lc|10
T#qa_extra_188|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_189|8|1|160|alpino_lc|81
T#qa_extra_190|7|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#qa_extra_191|10|1|210|alpino_lc|191
T#qa_extra_192|9|1|270|alpino_lc|127
T#qa_extra_193|11|1|500|alpino_lc|400
T#qa_extra_194|8|1|210|alpino_lc|137
T#qa_extra_195|7|1|90|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_196|8|1|80|alpino_lc|64
T#qa_extra_197|8|1|240|alpino_lc|250
T#qa_extra_198|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_199|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_200|7|1|250|alpino_lc|190
T#qa_extra_201|9|1|380|alpino_lc|228
T#qa_extra_202|8|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#qa_extra_203|5|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#qa_extra_204|7|1|630|alpino_lc|828
T#qa_extra_205|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_206|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_207|6|1|250|alpino_lc|132
T#qa_extra_208|6|1|110|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_209|6|1|130|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_210|7|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#qa_extra_211|8|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#qa_extra_212|9|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#qa_extra_213|6|1|200|alpino_lc|94
T#qa_extra_214|9|1|100|alpino_lc|53
T#qa_extra_215|5|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_216|6|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#qa_extra_217|8|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_218|6|1|170|alpino_lc|10
T#qa_extra_219|7|1|100|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_220|7|1|150|alpino_lc|112
T#qa_extra_221|14|1|350|alpino_lc|129
T#qa_extra_222|7|1|150|alpino_lc|71
T#qa_extra_223|10|1|250|alpino_lc|155
T#qa_extra_224|12|1|270|alpino_lc|196
T#qa_extra_225|8|1|250|alpino_lc|146
T#qa_extra_226|8|1|260|alpino_lc|146
T#qa_extra_227|6|1|190|alpino_lc|140
T#qa_extra_228|9|1|200|alpino_lc|105
T#qa_extra_229|9|1|290|alpino_lc|121
T#qa_extra_230|9|1|370|alpino_lc|255
T#qa_extra_231|9|1|130|alpino_lc|85
T#qa_extra_232|12|1|480|alpino_lc|222
T#qa_extra_233|8|1|120|alpino_lc|69
T#qa_extra_234|8|1|80|alpino_lc|34
T#qa_extra_235|14|1|510|alpino_lc|253
T#qa_extra_236|7|1|240|alpino_lc|157
T#qa_extra_237|10|1|380|alpino_lc|251
T#qa_extra_238|10|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_239|7|1|280|alpino_lc|277
T#qa_extra_240|6|1|420|alpino_lc|216
T#qa_extra_241|10|1|690|alpino_lc|352
T#qa_extra_242|12|1|240|alpino_lc|83
T#qa_extra_243|6|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#qa_extra_244|9|1|200|alpino_lc|142
T#qa_extra_245|9|1|180|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_246|9|1|760|alpino_lc|599
T#qa_extra_247|7|1|290|alpino_lc|230
T#qa_extra_248|8|1|110|alpino_lc|65
T#qa_extra_249|9|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#qa_extra_250|8|1|230|alpino_lc|54
T#qa_extra_251|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#qa_extra_252|9|1|440|alpino_lc|194
T#qa_extra_253|7|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_254|16|1|560|alpino_lc|430
T#qa_extra_255|9|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#qa_extra_256|6|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#qa_extra_257|5|1|240|alpino_lc|107
T#qa_extra_258|5|1|330|alpino_lc|228
T#qa_extra_259|6|1|790|alpino_lc|643
T#qa_extra_260|7|1|2180|alpino_lc|1672
T#qa_extra_261|8|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_262|7|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#qa_extra_263|7|1|220|alpino_lc|187
T#qa_extra_264|4|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_265|6|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#qa_extra_266|5|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_267|4|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_268|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_269|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_270|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_271|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_272|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_273|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_274|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_275|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_276|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_277|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_278|4|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#qa_extra_279|4|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_280|4|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_281|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_282|6|1|90|alpino_lc|58
T#qa_extra_283|6|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_284|7|1|260|alpino_lc|166
T#qa_extra_285|5|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_286|5|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#qa_extra_287|7|1|200|alpino_lc|127
T#qa_extra_288|8|1|580|alpino_lc|492
T#qa_extra_289|7|1|620|alpino_lc|492
T#qa_extra_290|6|1|260|alpino_lc|216
T#qa_extra_291|6|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#qa_extra_292|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#qa_extra_293|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#qa_extra_294|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_295|5|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_296|8|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_297|5|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_298|6|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#qa_extra_299|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#qa_extra_300|6|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_301|7|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_302|5|1|100|alpino_lc|6
T#qa_extra_303|8|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_304|7|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_305|5|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#qa_extra_306|5|1|100|alpino_lc|6
T#qa_extra_307|6|1|240|alpino_lc|45
T#qa_extra_308|8|1|300|alpino_lc|327
T#qa_extra_309|8|1|890|alpino_lc|527
T#qa_extra_310|9|1|410|alpino_lc|244
T#qa_extra_311|6|1|210|alpino_lc|82
T#qa_extra_312|6|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#qa_extra_313|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#qa_extra_314|7|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#qa_extra_315|7|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#qa_extra_316|6|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#qa_extra_317|6|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_318|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#qa_extra_319|7|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_320|6|1|170|alpino_lc|42
T#qa_extra_321|6|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#qa_extra_322|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_323|4|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_324|4|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#qa_extra_325|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_326|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_327|6|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#qa_extra_328|6|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#qa_extra_329|5|1|80|alpino_lc|49
T#qa_extra_330|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#qa_extra_331|8|1|120|alpino_lc|70
T#qa_extra_332|10|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#qa_extra_333|9|1|290|alpino_lc|166
T#qa_extra_334|5|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#qa_extra_335|6|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_336|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_337|6|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_338|6|1|530|alpino_lc|283
T#qa_extra_339|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_340|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_341|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_342|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_343|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_344|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_345|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_346|7|1|310|alpino_lc|254
T#qa_extra_347|4|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_348|7|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_349|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_350|4|1|190|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_351|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_352|4|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_353|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_354|11|1|610|alpino_lc|420
T#qa_extra_355|16|1|1610|alpino_lc|1015
T#qa_extra_356|9|1|240|alpino_lc|138
T#qa_extra_357|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_358|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_359|10|1|960|alpino_lc|886
T#qa_extra_360|8|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#qa_extra_361|6|1|270|alpino_lc|135
T#qa_extra_362|9|1|720|alpino_lc|532
T#qa_extra_363|9|1|710|alpino_lc|532
T#qa_extra_364|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_365|8|1|750|alpino_lc|531
T#qa_extra_366|9|1|720|alpino_lc|532
T#qa_extra_367|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_368|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_369|7|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_370|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_371|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_372|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_373|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_374|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_375|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_376|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_377|7|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_378|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_379|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_380|8|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_381|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_382|10|1|1120|alpino_lc|926
T#qa_extra_383|10|1|1110|alpino_lc|926
T#qa_extra_384|7|1|470|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_385|7|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_386|8|1|760|alpino_lc|531
T#qa_extra_387|8|1|450|alpino_lc|289
T#qa_extra_388|7|1|640|alpino_lc|491
T#qa_extra_389|7|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_390|7|1|490|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_391|8|1|520|alpino_lc|374
T#qa_extra_392|8|1|450|alpino_lc|373
T#qa_extra_393|10|1|720|alpino_lc|532
T#qa_extra_394|8|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_395|7|1|850|alpino_lc|504
T#qa_extra_396|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_397|8|1|450|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_398|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_399|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_400|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_401|6|1|230|alpino_lc|132
T#qa_extra_402|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_403|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_404|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_405|6|1|230|alpino_lc|129
T#qa_extra_406|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_407|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_408|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_409|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_410|5|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#qa_extra_411|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_412|6|1|250|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_413|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_414|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_415|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_416|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_417|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_418|5|1|170|alpino_lc|64
T#qa_extra_419|6|1|260|alpino_lc|132
T#qa_extra_420|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_421|5|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_422|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_423|9|1|1350|alpino_lc|1499
T#qa_extra_424|4|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#qa_extra_425|8|1|560|alpino_lc|394
T#qa_extra_426|6|1|370|alpino_lc|215
T#qa_extra_427|6|1|330|alpino_lc|209
T#qa_extra_428|7|1|550|alpino_lc|401
T#qa_extra_429|8|1|890|alpino_lc|699
T#qa_extra_430|8|1|1150|alpino_lc|1188
T#qa_extra_431|8|1|880|alpino_lc|699
T#qa_extra_432|8|1|890|alpino_lc|699
T#qa_extra_433|7|1|540|alpino_lc|394
T#qa_extra_434|7|1|590|alpino_lc|419
T#qa_extra_435|8|1|1020|alpino_lc|595
T#qa_extra_436|11|1|1240|alpino_lc|804
T#qa_extra_437|6|1|470|alpino_lc|390
T#qa_extra_438|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_439|4|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_440|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_441|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_442|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_443|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_444|5|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_445|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_446|4|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_447|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_448|4|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_449|4|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_450|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_451|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_452|4|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#qa_extra_453|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_454|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_455|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_456|7|1|560|alpino_lc|401
T#qa_extra_457|6|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#qa_extra_458|5|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_459|7|1|280|alpino_lc|155
T#qa_extra_460|12|1|290|alpino_lc|286
T#qa_extra_461|7|1|230|alpino_lc|136
T#qa_extra_462|9|1|740|alpino_lc|534
T#qa_extra_463|8|1|780|alpino_lc|538
T#qa_extra_464|10|1|3550|alpino_lc|2724
T#qa_extra_465|8|1|600|alpino_lc|376
T#qa_extra_466|10|1|5200|alpino_lc|5315
T#qa_extra_467|5|1|200|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_468|4|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_469|7|1|350|alpino_lc|231
T#qa_extra_470|7|1|360|alpino_lc|231
T#qa_extra_471|6|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#qa_extra_472|6|1|170|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_473|11|1|490|alpino_lc|343
T#qa_extra_474|10|1|240|alpino_lc|150
T#qa_extra_475|6|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#qa_extra_476|9|1|460|alpino_lc|359
T#qa_extra_477|8|1|350|alpino_lc|357
T#qa_extra_478|11|1|380|alpino_lc|415
T#qa_extra_479|8|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_480|9|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#qa_extra_481|16|1|820|alpino_lc|615
T#qa_extra_482|7|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#qa_extra_483|14|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#qa_extra_484|14|1|590|alpino_lc|255
T#qa_extra_485|15|1|2960|alpino_lc|1492
T#qa_extra_486|14|1|1100|alpino_lc|952
T#qa_extra_487|7|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#qa_extra_488|10|1|270|alpino_lc|204
T#qa_extra_489|7|1|470|alpino_lc|346
T#qa_extra_490|13|1|400|alpino_lc|314
T#qa_extra_491|9|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#qa_extra_492|9|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#qa_extra_493|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_494|6|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_495|7|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_496|7|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#qa_extra_497|12|1|820|alpino_lc|663
T#qa_extra_498|7|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#qa_extra_499|5|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#qa_extra_500|7|1|220|alpino_lc|94
T#qa_extra_501|9|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#qa_extra_502|9|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_503|17|1|500|alpino_lc|235
T#qa_extra_504|13|1|420|alpino_lc|249
T#qa_extra_505|7|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_506|7|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#qa_extra_507|7|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#qa_extra_508|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_509|12|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#qa_extra_510|8|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#qa_extra_511|8|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#qa_extra_512|7|1|130|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_513|8|1|280|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_514|6|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_515|6|1|130|alpino_lc|17
T#qa_extra_516|6|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#qa_extra_517|12|1|900|alpino_lc|624
T#qa_extra_518|8|1|130|alpino_lc|26
T#qa_extra_519|9|1|110|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_520|5|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_521|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_522|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_523|4|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_524|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_525|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_526|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_527|5|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_528|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_529|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_530|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_531|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_532|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_533|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_534|4|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_535|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_536|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_537|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_538|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_539|6|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_540|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_541|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_542|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_543|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_544|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_545|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_546|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_547|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_548|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_549|5|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_550|5|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_551|5|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_552|5|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#qa_extra_553|4|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#qa_extra_554|8|1|770|alpino_lc|614
T#qa_extra_555|7|1|460|alpino_lc|380
T#qa_extra_556|8|1|710|alpino_lc|531
T#qa_extra_557|7|1|430|alpino_lc|221
T#qa_extra_558|7|1|490|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_559|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_560|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_561|7|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_562|6|1|230|alpino_lc|133
T#qa_extra_563|8|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_564|8|1|570|alpino_lc|478
T#qa_extra_565|7|1|450|alpino_lc|221
T#qa_extra_566|8|1|390|alpino_lc|344
T#qa_extra_567|5|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_568|8|1|710|alpino_lc|531
T#qa_extra_569|8|1|380|alpino_lc|289
T#qa_extra_570|9|1|930|alpino_lc|724
T#qa_extra_571|5|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#qa_extra_572|10|1|710|alpino_lc|492
T#qa_extra_573|8|1|400|alpino_lc|289
T#qa_extra_574|8|1|1020|alpino_lc|746
T#qa_extra_575|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_576|8|1|440|alpino_lc|372
T#qa_extra_577|7|1|500|alpino_lc|368
T#qa_extra_578|7|1|700|alpino_lc|529
T#qa_extra_579|7|1|950|alpino_lc|690
T#qa_extra_580|9|1|660|alpino_lc|519
T#qa_extra_581|8|1|170|alpino_lc|108
T#qa_extra_582|11|1|3390|alpino_lc|3476
T#qa_extra_583|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_584|10|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_585|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_586|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#qa_extra_587|4|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#qa_extra_588|10|1|580|alpino_lc|370
T#qa_extra_589|10|1|380|alpino_lc|255
T#qa_extra_590|6|1|220|alpino_lc|175
T#qa_extra_591|11|1|850|alpino_lc|702
T#qa_extra_592|11|1|430|alpino_lc|331
T#qa_extra_593|12|1|840|alpino_lc|664
T#qa_extra_594|14|1|320|alpino_lc|174
T#qa_extra_595|7|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_596|4|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_597|6|1|600|alpino_lc|259
T#qa_extra_598|4|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_599|5|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_600|7|1|600|alpino_lc|253
T#qa_extra_601|15|1|960|alpino_lc|586
T#qa_extra_602|9|1|580|alpino_lc|377
T#qa_extra_603|8|1|800|alpino_lc|538
T#qa_extra_604|8|1|800|alpino_lc|538
T#qa_extra_605|13|1|2450|alpino_lc|2242
T#qa_extra_606|10|1|800|alpino_lc|623
T#qa_extra_607|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|912
T#qa_extra_608|9|1|760|alpino_lc|623
T#qa_extra_609|5|1|240|alpino_lc|131
T#qa_extra_610|9|1|640|alpino_lc|611
T#qa_extra_611|9|1|640|alpino_lc|611
T#qa_extra_612|8|1|830|alpino_lc|667
T#qa_extra_613|4|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#qa_extra_614|9|1|600|alpino_lc|589
T#qa_extra_615|9|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#qa_extra_616|9|1|270|alpino_lc|247
T#qa_extra_617|7|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#qa_extra_618|9|1|810|alpino_lc|332
T#qa_extra_619|9|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#qa_extra_620|6|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#qa_extra_621|13|1|870|alpino_lc|678
T#qa_extra_622|6|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_623|7|1|170|alpino_lc|77
T#qa_extra_624|9|1|310|alpino_lc|160
T#qa_extra_625|9|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#qa_extra_626|12|1|850|alpino_lc|422
T#qa_extra_627|6|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#qa_extra_628|7|1|370|alpino_lc|233
T#qa_extra_629|10|1|940|alpino_lc|670
T#qa_extra_630|8|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#qa_extra_631|6|1|130|alpino_lc|27
