cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 6870 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 11910 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 23480 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 8360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 34390 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 7330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 9170 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 12650 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 7920 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 12030 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 50060 msec
cputime total 25720 msec
cputime total 25120 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 8560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 21690 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 7740 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 22910 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 10120 msec
cputime total 6230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 25290 msec
cputime total 53740 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 41990 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 10170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 7220 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7250 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 21530 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 15170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 23130 msec
cputime total 7660 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 11390 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 13780 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 24790 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 22880 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 12560 msec
cputime total 22930 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 22550 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 77130 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 33270 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
T#0|4|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#40|4|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#90|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#110|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#120|4|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#130|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#140|6|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#142|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#144|6|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#146|10|1|280|alpino_lc|108
T#148|10|1|710|alpino_lc|246
T#150|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#160|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#163|10|1|280|alpino_lc|108
T#166|6|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#168|10|1|690|alpino_lc|246
T#170|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#180|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#190|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#360|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#430|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#1060|9|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#1200|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#1260|3|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#1350|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#1380|9|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#1390|6|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#1490|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#1530|5|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#1630|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#1730|6|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#1820|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#1870|10|1|390|alpino_lc|132
T#1960|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#2050|6|1|100|alpino_lc|14
T#2130|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#2180|10|1|350|alpino_lc|118
T#2290|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#2360|2|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#2370|6|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#2380|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#2500|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#2650|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#2770|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#2960|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#3110|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#3330|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#3450|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#3570|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#3720|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#3830|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#3840|7|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#3930|4|1|80|alpino_lc|1
T#4030|8|1|90|alpino_lc|1
T#4130|4|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#4280|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#4290|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#4450|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#4460|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#4620|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#4850|10|1|270|alpino_lc|108
T#4860|5|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#4970|10|1|720|alpino_lc|246
T#4980|3|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#5110|1|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#5120|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#5130|5|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#5230|5|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#5310|10|1|270|alpino_lc|108
T#5320|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.1.s.1|7|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.2.s.1|13|1|940|alpino_lc|831
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.2.s.2|26|1|6870|alpino_lc|1686
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.2.s.3|26|1|5980|alpino_lc|3002
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.2.s.4|26|1|2140|alpino_lc|1544
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.1|23|1|9950|alpino_lc|3663
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.2|18|1|11910|alpino_lc|6509
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.3|15|1|410|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.4|31|1|8070|alpino_lc|3974
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.5|21|1|520|alpino_lc|221
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.6|26|1|2170|alpino_lc|288
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.7|12|1|470|alpino_lc|481
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.3.s.8|19|1|3980|alpino_lc|3921
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.4.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.5.s.1|7|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.1|20|1|700|alpino_lc|335
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|132
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.3|14|1|400|alpino_lc|252
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.4|16|1|5060|alpino_lc|1363
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.5|24|1|5330|alpino_lc|2686
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.6.s.6|35|1|23480|alpino_lc|13308
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.1|21|1|450|alpino_lc|169
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.2|23|1|8360|alpino_lc|1662
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|214
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.4|9|1|770|alpino_lc|510
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.5|15|1|400|alpino_lc|335
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.6|5|1|80|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.7|27|1|34390|alpino_lc|10035
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.8|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|541
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.9|21|1|2100|alpino_lc|1664
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.10|26|1|7330|alpino_lc|2639
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.11|7|1|80|alpino_lc|53
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.12|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|716
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.7.s.13|9|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.18.s.2|27|1|3780|alpino_lc|1012
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.18.s.3|18|1|640|alpino_lc|506
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.18.s.4|21|1|1380|alpino_lc|956
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.18.s.5|22|1|1730|alpino_lc|1270
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.18.s.6|33|1|9170|alpino_lc|3308
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.19.s.1|19|1|1800|alpino_lc|1137
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.19.s.2|15|1|850|alpino_lc|553
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.19.s.3|18|1|12650|alpino_lc|7806
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.19.s.4|36|1|880|alpino_lc|311
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.19.s.5|11|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.1|22|1|480|alpino_lc|125
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.2|16|1|430|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.4|25|1|990|alpino_lc|474
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.5|16|1|2680|alpino_lc|1364
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.6|35|1|850|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.7|16|1|440|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.8|22|1|2010|alpino_lc|1781
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.20.s.9|17|1|890|alpino_lc|311
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.3|19|1|1750|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.4|25|1|6850|alpino_lc|3654
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.5|22|1|7920|alpino_lc|5278
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.21.s.6|14|1|260|alpino_lc|61
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.1|32|1|12030|alpino_lc|3366
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.2|14|1|1960|alpino_lc|1321
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.3|36|1|50060|alpino_lc|1801
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.4|23|1|25720|alpino_lc|17187
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.5|26|1|25120|alpino_lc|17333
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.22.s.6|16|1|5120|alpino_lc|4339
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.23.s.1|23|1|8560|alpino_lc|2989
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.23.s.2|19|1|330|alpino_lc|234
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.24.s.1|24|1|21690|alpino_lc|19907
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.24.s.2|12|1|330|alpino_lc|140
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.24.s.3|5|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.24.s.4|32|1|570|alpino_lc|213
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.25.s.1|23|1|820|alpino_lc|519
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.25.s.2|13|1|740|alpino_lc|365
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.25.s.3|11|1|5310|alpino_lc|350
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.25.s.4|22|1|2340|alpino_lc|2557
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.26.s.1|35|1|880|alpino_lc|210
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.26.s.2|26|1|7740|alpino_lc|3808
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.26.s.3|17|1|380|alpino_lc|136
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|84
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.3|18|1|560|alpino_lc|130
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.4|19|1|3120|alpino_lc|909
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.5|12|1|150|alpino_lc|54
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.6|34|1|3090|alpino_lc|989
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.27.s.7|16|1|720|alpino_lc|463
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.28.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.28.s.2|18|1|4360|alpino_lc|915
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.28.s.3|8|1|320|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.28.s.4|8|1|320|alpino_lc|191
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.29.s.1|20|1|2360|alpino_lc|3041
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.29.s.2|13|1|1650|alpino_lc|449
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.29.s.3|13|1|290|alpino_lc|243
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.29.s.4|9|1|820|alpino_lc|245
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.29.s.5|15|1|720|alpino_lc|590
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.30.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|178
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.30.s.2|31|1|22910|alpino_lc|3343
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.30.s.3|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|386
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|185
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.2|27|1|2180|alpino_lc|428
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|72
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.4|22|1|1560|alpino_lc|1452
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.5|13|1|1040|alpino_lc|864
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.6|21|1|1040|alpino_lc|1047
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.31.s.7|28|1|1770|alpino_lc|1298
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.32.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.32.s.2|25|1|2050|alpino_lc|608
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.32.s.3|25|1|10120|alpino_lc|3874
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.32.s.4|28|1|6230|alpino_lc|1364
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.33.s.1|22|1|790|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.33.s.2|9|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.33.s.3|33|1|1370|alpino_lc|1380
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.33.s.4|11|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.33.s.5|27|1|1580|alpino_lc|810
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.34.s.1|17|1|2050|alpino_lc|1023
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.34.s.2|15|1|2820|alpino_lc|972
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.34.s.3|9|1|1100|alpino_lc|1147
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.34.s.4|13|1|600|alpino_lc|369
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.1|16|1|260|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.2|30|1|3300|alpino_lc|1581
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.3|15|1|1830|alpino_lc|1421
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.4|24|1|3320|alpino_lc|694
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.5|24|1|810|alpino_lc|688
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.35.s.6|9|1|360|alpino_lc|357
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.36.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.37.s.1|22|1|3140|alpino_lc|291
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.37.s.2|23|1|3110|alpino_lc|2440
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.38.s.1|25|1|4360|alpino_lc|1829
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.38.s.2|23|1|2470|alpino_lc|1104
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.38.s.3|39|1|4090|alpino_lc|871
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.40.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.41.s.1|24|1|3390|alpino_lc|2205
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.41.s.2|19|1|6590|alpino_lc|5979
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.41.s.3|14|1|860|alpino_lc|664
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.42.s.1|17|1|1830|alpino_lc|1326
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.43.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.44.s.1|18|1|580|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.45.s.1|15|1|230|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.45.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.45.s.3|24|1|580|alpino_lc|438
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.45.s.4|17|1|380|alpino_lc|222
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.45.s.5|32|1|25290|alpino_lc|9240
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.46.s.1|67|1|53740|alpino_lc|15192
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.46.s.2|15|1|9420|alpino_lc|5714
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.46.s.3|36|1|41990|alpino_lc|24876
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.47.s.1|16|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.47.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.48.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.49.s.1|35|1|4300|alpino_lc|2819
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.49.s.2|19|1|1660|alpino_lc|513
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.49.s.3|13|1|1350|alpino_lc|793
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.50.s.1|8|1|270|alpino_lc|274
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.51.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.52.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|57
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.53.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.55.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|141
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.56.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.57.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|26
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.58.s.1|21|1|750|alpino_lc|287
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.59.s.1|12|1|2720|alpino_lc|2589
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.59.s.2|26|1|3080|alpino_lc|2486
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.60.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.61.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.62.s.1|24|1|3160|alpino_lc|523
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.62.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|195
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.62.s.3|32|1|4360|alpino_lc|1643
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.62.s.4|22|1|4120|alpino_lc|4583
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.63.s.1|29|1|3110|alpino_lc|1614
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.63.s.2|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|1005
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.63.s.3|19|1|2850|alpino_lc|1979
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.63.s.4|24|1|1390|alpino_lc|1125
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.64.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.65.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|209
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.65.s.2|14|1|250|alpino_lc|228
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.65.s.3|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|798
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.65.s.4|31|1|10170|alpino_lc|2039
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.66.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|97
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.67.s.1|35|1|6680|alpino_lc|1014
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.67.s.2|28|1|1450|alpino_lc|917
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.68.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.69.s.1|29|1|1860|alpino_lc|2181
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.69.s.2|15|1|500|alpino_lc|482
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.69.s.3|24|1|7220|alpino_lc|2602
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.69.s.4|22|1|1170|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.70.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.71.s.1|16|1|1110|alpino_lc|1165
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.71.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|482
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.71.s.3|24|1|7250|alpino_lc|2602
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.72.s.1|22|1|1190|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.73.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.74.s.1|22|1|1660|alpino_lc|661
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.74.s.2|19|1|6710|alpino_lc|5214
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.75.s.1|7|1|1260|alpino_lc|446
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.76.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.77.s.1|10|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.78.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.79.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.80.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.81.s.1|16|1|1120|alpino_lc|1172
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.81.s.2|15|1|490|alpino_lc|482
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.81.s.3|24|1|7250|alpino_lc|2602
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.82.s.1|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|626
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.83.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.84.s.1|34|1|21530|alpino_lc|2740
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.84.s.2|23|1|1500|alpino_lc|914
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.85.s.1|36|1|6740|alpino_lc|5304
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.87.s.1|22|1|3890|alpino_lc|1965
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.87.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|109
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.87.s.3|15|1|1410|alpino_lc|1407
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.89.s.1|17|1|600|alpino_lc|279
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.89.s.2|15|1|1400|alpino_lc|1427
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.89.s.3|21|1|2210|alpino_lc|1728
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.91.s.1|25|1|15170|alpino_lc|5008
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.91.s.2|23|1|470|alpino_lc|143
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.93.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|250
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.93.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|294
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.93.s.3|26|1|1460|alpino_lc|572
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.93.s.4|13|1|360|alpino_lc|83
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.93.s.5|33|1|23130|alpino_lc|11014
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.94.s.1|47|1|7660|alpino_lc|1470
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.95.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|8
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.96.s.1|12|1|280|alpino_lc|37
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.97.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.98.s.1|21|1|2500|alpino_lc|1101
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.98.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.98.s.3|21|1|800|alpino_lc|361
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.99.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.100.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.101.s.1|31|1|11390|alpino_lc|9561
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.101.s.2|14|1|360|alpino_lc|297
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.102.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|101
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.103.s.1|19|1|1600|alpino_lc|690
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.104.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.105.s.1|26|1|920|alpino_lc|340
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.105.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|90
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.105.s.3|17|1|210|alpino_lc|47
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.107.s.1|13|1|660|alpino_lc|697
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.107.s.2|17|1|210|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.108.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.109.s.1|17|1|1390|alpino_lc|824
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.110.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.111.s.1|15|1|290|alpino_lc|94
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.112.s.1|31|1|13780|alpino_lc|8260
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.112.s.2|22|1|1920|alpino_lc|1266
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.113.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.114.s.1|28|1|3940|alpino_lc|1523
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.114.s.2|17|1|210|alpino_lc|50
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.114.s.3|17|1|380|alpino_lc|79
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.115.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.116.s.1|21|1|3780|alpino_lc|2285
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.116.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|25
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.116.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|96
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.117.s.1|19|1|670|alpino_lc|238
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.117.s.2|18|1|9030|alpino_lc|4372
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.117.s.3|19|1|340|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.117.s.4|20|1|770|alpino_lc|533
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.117.s.5|30|1|860|alpino_lc|389
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.118.s.1|19|1|930|alpino_lc|935
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.118.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|60
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.119.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.120.s.1|31|1|3260|alpino_lc|895
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.120.s.2|22|1|530|alpino_lc|159
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.121.s.1|19|1|24790|alpino_lc|13955
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.121.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|232
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.122.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.123.s.1|21|1|1890|alpino_lc|1511
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.123.s.2|13|1|120|alpino_lc|92
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.123.s.3|26|1|1140|alpino_lc|474
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.124.s.1|34|1|2110|alpino_lc|1001
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.124.s.2|25|1|1720|alpino_lc|499
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.125.s.1|17|1|510|alpino_lc|440
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.127.s.1|23|1|5730|alpino_lc|6493
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.127.s.2|42|1|22880|alpino_lc|5184
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.127.s.3|17|1|810|alpino_lc|943
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.127.s.4|24|1|4360|alpino_lc|2472
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.128.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.129.s.1|20|1|780|alpino_lc|364
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.129.s.2|13|1|540|alpino_lc|260
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.130.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.131.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.131.s.2|15|1|450|alpino_lc|196
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.131.s.3|26|1|5290|alpino_lc|1532
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.131.s.4|14|1|370|alpino_lc|146
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.132.s.1|13|1|270|alpino_lc|93
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.133.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.134.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.135.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.136.s.1|36|1|12560|alpino_lc|3551
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.136.s.2|50|1|22930|alpino_lc|6072
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.137.s.1|13|1|1300|alpino_lc|675
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.138.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.139.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.140.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.141.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.142.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.143.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|91
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.144.s.1|28|1|22550|alpino_lc|8425
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.144.s.2|21|1|2000|alpino_lc|879
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.144.s.4|9|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.145.s.1|38|1|7100|alpino_lc|3538
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.145.s.2|20|1|4270|alpino_lc|5446
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.146.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.154.s.1|32|1|77130|alpino_lc|37980
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.154.s.2|22|1|3090|alpino_lc|2431
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.154.s.3|17|1|680|alpino_lc|594
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.180.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.182.s.1|15|1|280|alpino_lc|174
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.182.s.2|7|1|420|alpino_lc|150
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.183.s.1|19|1|400|alpino_lc|74
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.183.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.184.s.1|28|1|33270|alpino_lc|7975
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.184.s.2|20|1|1600|alpino_lc|1146
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.185.s.1|6|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.186.s.1|17|1|270|alpino_lc|114
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.187.s.1|25|1|1920|alpino_lc|520
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.188.s.1|58|1|1260|alpino_lc|836
T#WR-P-P-L-0000000003.p.189.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|4
