cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 10180 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 10150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 22370 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 16230 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 8510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7610 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 16430 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 15050 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 13100 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 15670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 7000 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20820 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 9260 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 6900 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 12480 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 15270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 19430 msec
cputime total 20610 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5790 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 15730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 13780 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7480 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 13220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 45140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10810 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 8230 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6180 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 896050 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 16950 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 6390 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 22200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 29320 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 9070 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 17780 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 123860 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 8950 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7860 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 24260 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 17200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 31900 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 8020 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 9570 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 12080 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 9780 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 5540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 157910 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 31890 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 11710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 14680 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 9520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 22610 msec
cputime total 4560 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 22030 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 4870 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 5120 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 13440 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 19560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 41240 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 19730 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 31950 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 17100 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 8560 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 6860 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 43530 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 9710 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 15440 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 10920 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5990 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 10990 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 13410 msec
cputime total 10690 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40740 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 8840 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 13050 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 13740 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 12470 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 13260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 15320 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 8900 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 59070 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 37340 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 40500 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 5490 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 37870 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 30530 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 7740 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 6180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 55910 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5290 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 8080 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 30020 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 12210 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 7980 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 40110 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 8540 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 14670 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 64680 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 17200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 12290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 29860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 7430 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 16660 msec
cputime total 6230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 6360 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 15660 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 115420 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 17760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 11710 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 7360 msec
cputime total 17470 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 21770 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 23460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 22810 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 34940 msec
cputime total 8840 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10620 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 16890 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8580 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 11530 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10650 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10750 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 12920 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 42650 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 5440 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 12580 msec
cputime total 8450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 9540 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 11910 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 16270 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 11880 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 13700 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 7150 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7890 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 11330 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 8660 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 14810 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 69710 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 50200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 102590 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 6870 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 8180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 21000 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 7220 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 7630 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 9120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 14260 msec
cputime total 5810 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 13380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 6830 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 9530 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 13050 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9480 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 158900 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 10000 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8560 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 17560 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 8360 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 18550 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 13370 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 10180 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 9950 msec
cputime total 12580 msec
cputime total 29150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 34000 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 97520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 17320 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 26710 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 13770 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 17110 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8930 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 16240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 15360 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 16440 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 11080 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 8510 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 15220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 4900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 6880 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 9510 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 15180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 23090 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 25620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 9190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 35520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 11050 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 7040 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 16630 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 14430 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 16640 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 28240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 28020 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 17250 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 10740 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 21680 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 13120 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 45580 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 5050 msec
cputime total 6310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 13320 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30510 msec
cputime total 9540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 29780 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 13090 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 6960 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 8740 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 17070 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 14020 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 15210 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 17810 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 13350 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 12420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 8840 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 8150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 23370 msec
cputime total 39220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 14070 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 15280 msec
cputime total 7760 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 5790 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20730 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 19940 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 283250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 11660 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 7180 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4540 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 19310 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 32600 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 13450 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 17720 msec
cputime total 6660 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 15930 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 14990 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 8910 msec
cputime total 8800 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 12830 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 14010 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 9820 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 9910 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 7210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 5980 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 14870 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6840 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 13330 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 19670 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 16010 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 15850 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 8480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 9650 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 2730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 13330 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 7900 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 12720 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3730 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 15190 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 7700 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 11970 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 14390 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 12330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 11280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9790 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 21220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 15570 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 14970 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 17480 msec
cputime total 9060 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 19590 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 28360 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 52230 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 36290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 35310 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 7570 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 9590 msec
cputime total 7200 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 23100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 12760 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 206760 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 11430 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9930 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 7360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 16670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 13230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 28300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 12670 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 9850 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 15040 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 7050 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 20760 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 10810 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 14150 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 24600 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8600 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 9600 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 18440 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 21260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 9630 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 8770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 17490 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 11280 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 17060 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 15000 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 16670 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 7140 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7080 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 9440 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5550 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 5440 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 8580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 19410 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 7880 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 11410 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 7430 msec
cputime total 9510 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 20910 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 23130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 11980 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9010 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3610 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3640 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 7460 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 23340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 12310 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 107180 msec
cputime total 7810 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 8190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 10780 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 18000 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 6660 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 8380 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7330 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 20450 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 14600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7320 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 21130 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 21310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 8950 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7210 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 7960 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 12060 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 12340 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 34680 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 16860 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 24380 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 22280 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 9680 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 17040 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 42590 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 8560 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 58170 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 3540 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 28860 msec
cputime total 7010 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 13490 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 24060 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 5390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 7330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 7830 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 16670 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 17870 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 10330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20530 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 9150 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 27620 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 165110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 14460 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 15420 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 15150 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 4750 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 16900 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 22800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 21540 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 35190 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 44960 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 36600 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 12520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 17100 msec
cputime total 21540 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 19080 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 11670 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 17650 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 12510 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 5580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 14090 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 23410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 22630 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 12620 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 14970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 8130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 4900 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 12110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 26170 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 16590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 51720 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2880 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 13680 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 8920 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 4160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5850 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 10850 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 12570 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 12820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 7650 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 5310 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 9920 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 10140 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9090 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 8550 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 11710 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 8110 msec
cputime total 81650 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 15020 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 8440 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 11960 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 18500 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 21340 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 7780 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 4640 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 20710 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 10670 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 12280 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 13500 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 38400 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 13610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 9540 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 8920 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 8470 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 21160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 23750 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4560 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 7730 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 11160 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 4990 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 15700 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3860 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 16840 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 6330 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 6040 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 26690 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 6490 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 6100 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 25190 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 11740 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 63000 msec
cputime total 25590 msec
cputime total 5990 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 6860 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 8230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 6740 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 15500 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 23850 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10650 msec
cputime total 19510 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 38930 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 7460 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 9370 msec
cputime total 10870 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 9840 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 15130 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10270 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 16680 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 17270 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 7430 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 12900 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 8040 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 30270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 8130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4740 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1846320 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 3850 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 12190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 12030 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 3970 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 8620 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 22930 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 10640 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3120 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20060 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 15790 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 8850 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 5760 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 16270 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 8080 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 6130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5010 msec
cputime total 12590 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 4220 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10130 msec
cputime total 29070 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 11860 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5650 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 8940 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 8970 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 31290 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 8360 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 19990 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 8980 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 8340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 13160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 14810 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 4340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 8250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 10210 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 183270 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 10060 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 14450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 4560 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 17080 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 8300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 5810 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 4380 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 14550 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 8410 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 12630 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2740 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 4140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9990 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 16980 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 5400 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 78540 msec
cputime total 24580 msec
cputime total 9710 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 9760 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 6240 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 18150 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 13170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 17020 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 6860 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 12610 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 2610 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 17410 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 23850 msec
cputime total 14860 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 23490 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 13030 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 13570 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 20460 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 5070 msec
cputime total 13380 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 18560 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10350 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 8500 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 10630 msec
cputime total 8000 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6780 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 17620 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 15770 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 22300 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 16150 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 6500 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 12310 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 4680 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 3360 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 5060 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 13470 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 17400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 6280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 4350 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 7490 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 18500 msec
cputime total 14640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 6710 msec
cputime total 15800 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 23270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 28570 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 9420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 53900 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 13530 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 4920 msec
cputime total 4550 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 10420 msec
cputime total 8480 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 15820 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 13690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 6030 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 14320 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 7730 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 4390 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 4830 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4620 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 4600 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 32730 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 5380 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 10600 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 8610 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 15120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 9940 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 16720 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8130 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 3170 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 13830 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 6520 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 3730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 8370 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 3830 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 14450 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 15880 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 16730 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 11980 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 12010 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 21210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3380 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 3400 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 12580 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 5130 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 15350 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 10660 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 4700 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 7790 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 71530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 3470 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 26670 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 7010 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10290 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2840 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 16500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 4670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 8940 msec
cputime total 5950 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 6420 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 14510 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 16820 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5550 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 32220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 13380 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 15450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3130 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 5180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 28160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 8660 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 820 msec
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.1.s.1|21|1|1360|alpino_lc|738
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.2.s.1|12|1|320|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.2.s.2|6|1|180|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.2.s.3|20|1|3700|alpino_lc|2272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.2.s.4|23|1|480|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.2.s.5|12|1|340|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.2|24|1|1260|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.3|27|1|2170|alpino_lc|801
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.4|16|1|940|alpino_lc|1106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.5|16|1|250|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.6|10|1|570|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.7|16|1|760|alpino_lc|499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.8|6|1|160|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.9|19|1|520|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.10|18|1|830|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.11|10|1|360|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.12|14|1|260|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.3.s.13|36|1|2710|alpino_lc|1421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.4.s.1|9|1|310|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.4.s.2|25|1|1340|alpino_lc|1064
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.4.s.3|9|1|310|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.5.s.1|16|1|810|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.5.s.2|24|1|10290|alpino_lc|8305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.5.s.3|12|1|590|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.6.s.1|15|1|640|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.6.s.2|13|1|520|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.6.s.3|10|1|280|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.7.s.1|20|1|6050|alpino_lc|1522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.8.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.8.s.2|14|1|3160|alpino_lc|2504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.9.s.1|25|1|4120|alpino_lc|3925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.9.s.2|14|1|1100|alpino_lc|667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.10.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.10.s.2|14|1|680|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.11.s.1|9|1|700|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.11.s.2|11|1|620|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.12.s.1|14|1|810|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.13.s.1|20|1|960|alpino_lc|852
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.14.s.1|17|1|3490|alpino_lc|5720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.15.s.1|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|715
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.15.s.2|13|1|280|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.16.s.1|11|1|920|alpino_lc|535
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.16.s.2|21|1|520|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.4|13|1|630|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.17.s.6|9|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.18.s.1|20|1|550|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.18.s.2|6|1|210|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.18.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.19.s.1|16|1|1260|alpino_lc|753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.19.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.19.s.3|13|1|240|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.20.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.20.s.2|11|1|810|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.20.s.3|8|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.20.s.4|19|1|630|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.20.s.5|17|1|340|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.5|13|1|230|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.21.s.6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.22.s.1|21|1|1330|alpino_lc|838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.22.s.2|20|1|7520|alpino_lc|3456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.22.s.3|16|1|3090|alpino_lc|4165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.22.s.4|12|1|500|alpino_lc|647
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.23.s.1|20|1|3200|alpino_lc|1457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.23.s.2|29|1|10180|alpino_lc|6757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.23.s.3|23|1|2070|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.23.s.4|18|1|4180|alpino_lc|5724
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.23.s.5|16|1|740|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.1|14|1|820|alpino_lc|762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.2|22|1|3300|alpino_lc|687
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.3|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|1148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.4|21|1|670|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.5|14|1|410|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.6|20|1|3820|alpino_lc|446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.7|8|1|170|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.24.s.8|14|1|1850|alpino_lc|634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.1|25|1|5400|alpino_lc|4084
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.2|17|1|940|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.3|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|1162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.4|12|1|150|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.5|10|1|450|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.7|12|1|1310|alpino_lc|1001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.8|9|1|190|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.9|8|1|240|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.10|14|1|530|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.25.s.11|8|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.26.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.27.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.27.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.27.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000001.p.28.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.1.s.1.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.1.s.1.2|12|1|1680|alpino_lc|2162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.1.s.1.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.1|8|1|460|alpino_lc|423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.2|12|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.3|19|1|2210|alpino_lc|1243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.5|13|1|1210|alpino_lc|1095
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.2.s.6|5|1|170|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.3.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.3.s.2|14|1|210|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.1|15|1|770|alpino_lc|519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.3|10|1|470|alpino_lc|714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.5|10|1|1070|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.6|9|1|260|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.7|7|1|160|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.8|7|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.9|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.10|7|1|260|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.11|10|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.12|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.13|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.14|7|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.4.s.15|10|1|1490|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.5.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.5.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.5.s.3|7|1|190|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.5.s.4|25|1|2120|alpino_lc|2832
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.5.s.5|14|1|630|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.7.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.8.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.8.s.2|10|1|620|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.8.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.9.s.1|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|646
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.9.s.2|9|1|1000|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.10.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.2|17|1|920|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.3|13|1|320|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.4|6|1|160|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.5|5|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.6|16|1|660|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.7|11|1|580|alpino_lc|527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.8|12|1|360|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.9|7|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.10|13|1|670|alpino_lc|925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.12|8|1|210|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.13|12|1|200|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.14|9|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.15|12|1|230|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.11.s.16|12|1|220|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.12.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.12.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.12.s.3|16|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.12.s.4|10|1|290|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.13.s.1|19|1|10150|alpino_lc|6412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.13.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.14.s.1|12|1|900|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.14.s.2|25|1|5460|alpino_lc|9774
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.14.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.15.s.1|17|1|2760|alpino_lc|2020
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.15.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.15.s.3|5|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.16.s.1|15|1|960|alpino_lc|893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.16.s.2|14|1|1450|alpino_lc|871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.16.s.3|18|1|1730|alpino_lc|1059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.17.s.1|13|1|490|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.17.s.2|17|1|270|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.17.s.3|10|1|1770|alpino_lc|653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.18.s.1|24|1|22370|alpino_lc|9773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.18.s.2|11|1|380|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.18.s.3|12|1|460|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.18.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.19.s.1|17|1|3030|alpino_lc|1682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.19.s.2|24|1|16230|alpino_lc|7488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.19.s.3|16|1|3370|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.19.s.4|21|1|1850|alpino_lc|1164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.19.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.2|15|1|3990|alpino_lc|2446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.4|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|1462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.20.s.7|21|1|600|alpino_lc|743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.21.s.1|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.21.s.2|22|1|2650|alpino_lc|745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.22.s.1|28|1|8850|alpino_lc|2068
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.1|19|1|370|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.2|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.3|13|1|410|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.4|11|1|1140|alpino_lc|1225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.5|17|1|510|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.23.s.6|17|1|8510|alpino_lc|9173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.24.s.1|10|1|300|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.24.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.24.s.3|21|1|970|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.25.s.1|10|1|270|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.25.s.2|22|1|6110|alpino_lc|3661
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.25.s.3|16|1|360|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.26.s.1|37|1|7610|alpino_lc|2410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.26.s.2|17|1|1260|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.27.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.27.s.2|21|1|550|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.27.s.3|11|1|570|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.27.s.4|8|1|490|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.28.s.1|24|1|1460|alpino_lc|1342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.28.s.2|27|1|1460|alpino_lc|1056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.3|16|1|800|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.4|12|1|110|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.5|20|1|5640|alpino_lc|1191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.6|22|1|7840|alpino_lc|2329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.7|15|1|560|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.8|23|1|16430|alpino_lc|3351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.9|18|1|760|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.10|17|1|1350|alpino_lc|386
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.11|14|1|390|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.12|21|1|330|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.29.s.13|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.30.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.30.s.2|20|1|600|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.30.s.3|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|931
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.30.s.4|18|1|1670|alpino_lc|1293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.31.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.31.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.31.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.31.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.32.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.32.s.2|13|1|140|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.32.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.33.s.1|18|1|420|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.33.s.2|12|1|870|alpino_lc|838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.34.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.35.s.1|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|1281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.35.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.35.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000002.p.35.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.1.s.1|26|1|15050|alpino_lc|3017
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.2.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.2.s.2|26|1|3490|alpino_lc|1735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.2.s.3|11|1|260|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.3.s.1|28|1|1400|alpino_lc|1067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.3.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.1|21|1|3430|alpino_lc|1519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.2|21|1|790|alpino_lc|732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.3|19|1|910|alpino_lc|850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.4|15|1|750|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.5|18|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.7|19|1|1200|alpino_lc|634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.4.s.8|13|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.5.s.1|12|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.5.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.5.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.5.s.4|12|1|550|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.5.s.5|17|1|320|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.6.s.1|21|1|4910|alpino_lc|3305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.6.s.2|8|1|390|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.7.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.7.s.2|21|1|4340|alpino_lc|1004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.7.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.8.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.8.s.2|29|1|2130|alpino_lc|1216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.9.s.1|33|1|13100|alpino_lc|5278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.9.s.2|19|1|1620|alpino_lc|1107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.9.s.3|15|1|440|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.9.s.4|14|1|1540|alpino_lc|1509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.9.s.5|21|1|610|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.10.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.10.s.2|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.10.s.3|31|1|15670|alpino_lc|5629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.3|23|1|2000|alpino_lc|1356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.4|8|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.5|11|1|470|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.6|13|1|830|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.7|13|1|730|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.8|9|1|170|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.9|7|1|440|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.10|17|1|2780|alpino_lc|1515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.11|8|1|230|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.11.s.12|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|1071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.12.s.1|24|1|7000|alpino_lc|7991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.12.s.2|10|1|290|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.13.s.1|11|1|440|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.13.s.2|12|1|260|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.13.s.3|23|1|20820|alpino_lc|4067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.14.s.1|12|1|930|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.15.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.15.s.2|19|1|390|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.16.s.1|19|1|2610|alpino_lc|1463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.16.s.2|17|1|360|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.16.s.3|17|1|560|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.16.s.4|20|1|4400|alpino_lc|1381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.1|17|1|880|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.2|13|1|1240|alpino_lc|1861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.3|14|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.4|12|1|2950|alpino_lc|2861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.5|15|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.6|18|1|720|alpino_lc|547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.7|11|1|380|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.8|22|1|740|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.9|11|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.10|14|1|370|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.17.s.11|14|1|810|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.18.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.18.s.2|16|1|930|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.18.s.3|15|1|560|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.18.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.18.s.5|31|1|560|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.19.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.19.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.20.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.20.s.2|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|651
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.21.s.1|26|1|3460|alpino_lc|1206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.21.s.2|23|1|1370|alpino_lc|797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.21.s.3|18|1|3120|alpino_lc|3542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.21.s.4|22|1|730|alpino_lc|672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.22.s.1|15|1|1970|alpino_lc|1573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.22.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.23.s.1|16|1|360|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.23.s.2|12|1|1180|alpino_lc|613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.24.s.1|11|1|880|alpino_lc|752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.25.s.1|11|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.1|9|1|810|alpino_lc|1118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.2|20|1|460|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.3|19|1|990|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.4|28|1|1200|alpino_lc|670
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.5|16|1|360|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.6|12|1|550|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.7|12|1|350|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.26.s.8|22|1|9260|alpino_lc|4817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.27.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.28.s.1|11|1|1070|alpino_lc|1281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.28.s.2|13|1|660|alpino_lc|986
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.28.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000003.p.29.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.1.s.1|27|1|540|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.2.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.3.s.1|30|1|4060|alpino_lc|2695
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.3.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.4.s.1|17|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.5.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.6.s.1|9|1|200|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.6.s.2|14|1|250|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.6.s.3|16|1|160|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.6.s.4|30|1|4310|alpino_lc|2352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.7.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.7.s.2|22|1|1640|alpino_lc|714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.7.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.8.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.9.s.1|14|1|3500|alpino_lc|1785
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.10.s.1|14|1|480|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.11.s.1|25|1|6900|alpino_lc|2778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.12.s.1|13|1|460|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.13.s.1|59|1|12480|alpino_lc|2463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.14.s.1|26|1|4770|alpino_lc|869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.15.s.1|16|1|2340|alpino_lc|1627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.16.s.1|11|1|620|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.16.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.16.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.16.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.16.s.5|13|1|380|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.2|16|1|600|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.3|18|1|830|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.4|16|1|740|alpino_lc|677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.5|8|1|150|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.17.s.6|16|1|1190|alpino_lc|1197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.18.s.1|24|1|15270|alpino_lc|5215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.19.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.19.s.2|11|1|470|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.20.s.1|31|1|19430|alpino_lc|8013
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.21.s.1|34|1|20610|alpino_lc|7883
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.21.s.2|16|1|550|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.22.s.1|13|1|1380|alpino_lc|761
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.22.s.2|17|1|560|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.23.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.2|30|1|4680|alpino_lc|2657
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.3|13|1|200|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.5|11|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.6|21|1|1730|alpino_lc|989
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.7|9|1|250|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.24.s.8|9|1|620|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.25.s.1|23|1|2880|alpino_lc|2085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.26.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.26.s.2|20|1|5790|alpino_lc|2820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.26.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.26.s.4|19|1|1450|alpino_lc|1677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.26.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.27.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.27.s.2|17|1|1330|alpino_lc|877
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.28.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.28.s.2|22|1|15730|alpino_lc|6675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.28.s.3|8|1|170|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.28.s.4|13|1|510|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.28.s.5|9|1|220|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.29.s.1|8|1|270|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.29.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.30.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.31.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.32.s.1|11|1|480|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.33.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.34.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000004.p.35.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.1.s.1|8|1|510|alpino_lc|423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.2.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.3.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.4.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.5.s.1|17|1|1440|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.6.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.6.s.2|26|1|5780|alpino_lc|2930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.7.s.1|14|1|2010|alpino_lc|1540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.8.s.1|15|1|360|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.1|26|1|710|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.4|14|1|260|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.5|8|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.6|13|1|530|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.7|12|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.8|5|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.9|14|1|860|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.10|6|1|110|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.11|13|1|970|alpino_lc|1083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.12|15|1|440|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.13|10|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.14|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.15|24|1|9090|alpino_lc|4505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.16|12|1|340|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.17|11|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.9.s.18|9|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.10.s.1|14|1|280|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.10.s.2|7|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.10.s.3|20|1|980|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.2|16|1|3580|alpino_lc|3047
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.3|15|1|830|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.5|13|1|230|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.6|12|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.11.s.7|13|1|220|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.3|11|1|210|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.4|11|1|560|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.5|17|1|1930|alpino_lc|1355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.6|6|1|180|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.12.s.7|6|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.13.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.13.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.13.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.14.s.1|16|1|900|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.14.s.2|28|1|4030|alpino_lc|1723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.14.s.3|15|1|580|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.14.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.15.s.1|17|1|2040|alpino_lc|1384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.15.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.15.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.15.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.16.s.1|19|1|2860|alpino_lc|3593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.16.s.2|15|1|220|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.16.s.3|14|1|280|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.16.s.4|11|1|430|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.1|13|1|330|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.2|18|1|500|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.4|19|1|2050|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.5|7|1|210|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.6|13|1|200|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.7|14|1|1230|alpino_lc|1702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.8|25|1|7260|alpino_lc|4899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.9|8|1|210|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.10|30|1|580|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.11|5|1|150|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.12|8|1|120|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.13|16|1|180|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.14|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.15|21|1|4590|alpino_lc|1862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.16|13|1|700|alpino_lc|888
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.17|23|1|1050|alpino_lc|716
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.18|10|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.19|25|1|1210|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.20|11|1|320|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.21|7|1|130|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.22|10|1|440|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.23|10|1|280|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.17.s.24|10|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.18.s.1|20|1|540|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.19.s.1|19|1|220|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.20.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.20.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.21.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.23.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.3|15|1|250|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.24.s.6|15|1|780|alpino_lc|563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.25.s.1|18|1|480|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.25.s.2|14|1|820|alpino_lc|1186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.25.s.3|15|1|1120|alpino_lc|978
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.25.s.4|13|1|390|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.25.s.5|11|1|440|alpino_lc|645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.26.s.1|25|1|2490|alpino_lc|1353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.26.s.2|17|1|350|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.26.s.3|7|1|410|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.26.s.4|6|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.26.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.27.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.28.s.1|25|1|1380|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.29.s.1|17|1|660|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.29.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.30.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.30.s.2|11|1|730|alpino_lc|601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.30.s.3|11|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.30.s.4|19|1|2110|alpino_lc|1644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.31.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.31.s.2|23|1|2510|alpino_lc|1413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.31.s.3|18|1|880|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.31.s.4|13|1|120|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.32.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.33.s.1|10|1|390|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.33.s.2|15|1|630|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.33.s.3|21|1|13780|alpino_lc|6192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.34.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.34.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.34.s.3|22|1|970|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.34.s.4|14|1|2790|alpino_lc|1656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.34.s.5|29|1|3320|alpino_lc|1051
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.35.s.1|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|1289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.36.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.36.s.2|21|1|2580|alpino_lc|1199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.36.s.3|18|1|820|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.3|18|1|320|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.5|7|1|260|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.7|8|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.8|14|1|780|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.9|8|1|240|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.10|11|1|1250|alpino_lc|1200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.11|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.12|23|1|7480|alpino_lc|3155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.13|21|1|950|alpino_lc|1254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.14|13|1|580|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.15|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.16|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.17|6|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.18|14|1|170|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.19|10|1|210|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.20|18|1|280|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.21|11|1|530|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.22|17|1|270|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.23|8|1|90|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.24|5|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.25|8|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.26|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.27|9|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.28|12|1|880|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.29|12|1|310|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.30|17|1|230|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.31|11|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.32|16|1|820|alpino_lc|747
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.33|9|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.37.s.34|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.38.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.38.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.39.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.39.s.2|30|1|2020|alpino_lc|3001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.40.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.40.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.41.s.1|14|1|890|alpino_lc|617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.42.s.1|15|1|680|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000005.p.43.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.1.s.1|8|1|1070|alpino_lc|963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.2.s.1|8|1|230|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.3.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.3|6|1|160|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.4|8|1|530|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.5|13|1|270|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.4.s.6|29|1|6000|alpino_lc|2029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.5.s.1|18|1|430|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.6.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.7.s.1|15|1|750|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.7.s.2|5|1|280|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.8.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.9.s.1|14|1|1810|alpino_lc|892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.10.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.11.s.1|16|1|310|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.12.s.1|23|1|13220|alpino_lc|4756
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.12.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.13.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.14.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.15.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.16.s.1|13|1|1650|alpino_lc|1295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.17.s.1|12|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.18.s.1|27|1|45140|alpino_lc|13698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.19.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.19.s.2|8|1|350|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.19.s.3|28|1|6670|alpino_lc|5893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.20.s.1|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.21.s.1|13|1|440|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.22.s.1|5|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.23.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.24.s.1|21|1|9950|alpino_lc|3925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.1|22|1|1510|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.2|13|1|2250|alpino_lc|1118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.3|16|1|560|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.4|15|1|970|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.5|13|1|220|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.6|18|1|3540|alpino_lc|973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.7|9|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.8|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.9|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.10|17|1|1900|alpino_lc|799
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.11|12|1|150|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.12|10|1|340|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.13|9|1|290|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.14|12|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.15|24|1|3850|alpino_lc|2715
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.25.s.16|8|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.26.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.27.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.27.s.2|25|1|2000|alpino_lc|672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.27.s.3|18|1|590|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.27.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.27.s.5|9|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.28.s.1|24|1|2690|alpino_lc|719
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.29.s.1|12|1|1200|alpino_lc|586
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.29.s.2|14|1|2320|alpino_lc|1648
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.29.s.3|17|1|900|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.29.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.30.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.1|11|1|680|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.2|12|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.3|9|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.4|14|1|3650|alpino_lc|3201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.5|7|1|280|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.6|15|1|400|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.7|10|1|490|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.31.s.8|16|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.3|15|1|780|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.4|14|1|1740|alpino_lc|1311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.5|11|1|280|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.32.s.6|16|1|600|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.33.s.1|25|1|4240|alpino_lc|3757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.33.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.34.s.1|21|1|660|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.34.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.35.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.36.s.1|22|1|10810|alpino_lc|5887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.36.s.2|25|1|2840|alpino_lc|1731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.36.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.36.s.4|12|1|220|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.37.s.1|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|536
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.37.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.37.s.3|14|1|400|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.37.s.4|14|1|520|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.37.s.5|17|1|1740|alpino_lc|1804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.38.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.38.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.39.s.1|19|1|4010|alpino_lc|1111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.39.s.2|27|1|2780|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.40.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.41.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.41.s.2|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|1130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.42.s.1|16|1|910|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.42.s.2|14|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.43.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.43.s.2|25|1|8230|alpino_lc|5866
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.44.s.1|16|1|1870|alpino_lc|1367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.44.s.2|26|1|790|alpino_lc|433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.45.s.1|15|1|230|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.45.s.2|18|1|3520|alpino_lc|1478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.46.s.1|22|1|4060|alpino_lc|1800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.46.s.2|26|1|800|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.46.s.3|17|1|410|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.47.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.47.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.48.s.1|8|1|190|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.48.s.2|8|1|430|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.48.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.49.s.1|37|1|5630|alpino_lc|3062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.49.s.2|18|1|2000|alpino_lc|836
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.49.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.49.s.4|15|1|950|alpino_lc|806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.50.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.51.s.1|21|1|6220|alpino_lc|2222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.51.s.2|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|788
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.51.s.3|11|1|190|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.51.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.51.s.5|14|1|690|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.1|12|1|450|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.4|21|1|12370|alpino_lc|3050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.5|9|1|220|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.6|12|1|310|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.7|7|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.8|13|1|280|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.52.s.9|10|1|380|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.2|14|1|2160|alpino_lc|1310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.3|16|1|3510|alpino_lc|1951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.4|19|1|370|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.5|22|1|10250|alpino_lc|6298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000006.p.53.s.6|7|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.1.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.2.s.1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.3.s.1|9|1|590|alpino_lc|487
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.5.s.1|25|1|6970|alpino_lc|3909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.5.s.2|26|1|4920|alpino_lc|2069
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.5.s.3|15|1|510|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.5.s.4|36|1|6180|alpino_lc|1165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.5.s.5|21|1|1610|alpino_lc|1171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.6.s.1|14|1|2630|alpino_lc|2493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.7.s.1|10|1|830|alpino_lc|1243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.8.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.8.s.2|24|1|896050|alpino_lc|17100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.9.s.1|10|1|420|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.9.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.10.s.1|25|1|970|alpino_lc|857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.11.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.12.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.12.s.2|16|1|630|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.12.s.3|19|1|1230|alpino_lc|581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.2|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|1117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.3|10|1|480|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.5|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.6|11|1|950|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.13.s.7|10|1|190|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.2|16|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.3|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.4|11|1|1470|alpino_lc|1919
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.5|24|1|980|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.6|16|1|1170|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.7|11|1|150|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.8|20|1|620|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.9|14|1|1750|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.14.s.10|13|1|730|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.15.s.1|20|1|6490|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.15.s.2|15|1|250|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.15.s.3|15|1|800|alpino_lc|458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.15.s.4|7|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.15.s.5|29|1|3070|alpino_lc|2809
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.16.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.16.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.16.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.16.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.17.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.17.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.17.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.18.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.19.s.1|25|1|3750|alpino_lc|2152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.20.s.1|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|2106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.20.s.2|12|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.20.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.20.s.4|20|1|980|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.21.s.1|26|1|550|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.21.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.21.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.21.s.4|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.21.s.5|13|1|1100|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.22.s.1|34|1|2710|alpino_lc|603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.23.s.1|15|1|2810|alpino_lc|1470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.23.s.2|8|1|460|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.23.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.24.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.24.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.1|18|1|1340|alpino_lc|630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.4|15|1|240|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.5|12|1|400|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.6|12|1|590|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.7|10|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.25.s.8|13|1|500|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.26.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.26.s.2|18|1|490|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.26.s.3|16|1|790|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.26.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.26.s.5|11|1|350|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.27.s.1|16|1|670|alpino_lc|485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.28.s.1|9|1|470|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.28.s.2|11|1|980|alpino_lc|496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.28.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.28.s.4|9|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.29.s.1|16|1|460|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.30.s.1|22|1|2140|alpino_lc|1916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.31.s.1|24|1|16950|alpino_lc|10888
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.31.s.2|14|1|3180|alpino_lc|2467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.31.s.3|26|1|6390|alpino_lc|4069
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.1|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.4|7|1|280|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.5|9|1|630|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.32.s.6|13|1|320|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.33.s.1|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.34.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.35.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.35.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.35.s.3|12|1|800|alpino_lc|405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.35.s.4|15|1|500|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.35.s.5|21|1|970|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.1|29|1|22200|alpino_lc|16181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.2|12|1|660|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.4|12|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.5|50|1|29320|alpino_lc|11776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.6|20|1|870|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.7|18|1|1270|alpino_lc|887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.36.s.8|15|1|1180|alpino_lc|1786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.1|11|1|120|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.2|12|1|520|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.3|9|1|530|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.4|18|1|3150|alpino_lc|3593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.5|27|1|660|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.6|14|1|210|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.37.s.7|11|1|440|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.1|15|1|360|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.3|11|1|1060|alpino_lc|1024
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.4|10|1|660|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.5|22|1|1340|alpino_lc|972
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.38.s.6|11|1|240|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.39.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.39.s.2|20|1|2460|alpino_lc|1764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.39.s.3|12|1|580|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.39.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.39.s.5|16|1|890|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.2|15|1|670|alpino_lc|677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.3|18|1|1270|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.5|15|1|900|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.40.s.6|19|1|680|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.41.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.42.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.42.s.2|29|1|11140|alpino_lc|3450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.43.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.43.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.43.s.3|21|1|660|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.43.s.4|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.44.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.44.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.44.s.3|16|1|9070|alpino_lc|4484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000007.p.45.s.1|30|1|3860|alpino_lc|4405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.1.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.2.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.3.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.4.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.4.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.4.s.3|18|1|1740|alpino_lc|1372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.2|15|1|1020|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.4|11|1|250|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.5|11|1|400|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.5.s.6|18|1|1290|alpino_lc|1541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.2|24|1|1160|alpino_lc|1008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.4|11|1|460|alpino_lc|581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.5|12|1|730|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.6|10|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.6.s.7|19|1|480|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.2|22|1|380|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.4|17|1|1470|alpino_lc|1525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.5|13|1|460|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.6|11|1|520|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.7.s.7|20|1|2780|alpino_lc|2570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.3|13|1|220|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.4|15|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.5|14|1|760|alpino_lc|620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.6|19|1|17780|alpino_lc|14970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.7|17|1|630|alpino_lc|505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.8|39|1|9980|alpino_lc|8082
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.9|16|1|280|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.10|21|1|630|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.11|23|1|4480|alpino_lc|1641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.12|6|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.13|20|1|4550|alpino_lc|2845
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.14|21|1|1420|alpino_lc|909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.8.s.15|18|1|870|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.1|13|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.2|19|1|910|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.3|16|1|2310|alpino_lc|1926
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.4|16|1|1270|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.5|12|1|190|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.9.s.6|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|1036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.10.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.11.s.1|26|1|5730|alpino_lc|3839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.12.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.13.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.13.s.2|12|1|1200|alpino_lc|785
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.14.s.1|34|1|860|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.15.s.1|20|1|1870|alpino_lc|934
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.15.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.16.s.1|17|1|300|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.16.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.17.s.1|11|1|750|alpino_lc|807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.17.s.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.17.s.3|24|1|7620|alpino_lc|1671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.17.s.4|11|1|690|alpino_lc|634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.17.s.5|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|1839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.18.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.18.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.18.s.3|28|1|123860|alpino_lc|17563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.19.s.1|24|1|5590|alpino_lc|1950
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.19.s.2|17|1|440|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.19.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.20.s.1|20|1|1370|alpino_lc|1123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.21.s.1|20|1|2170|alpino_lc|1525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.21.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.22.s.1|11|1|350|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.22.s.2|8|1|290|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.22.s.3|12|1|270|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.22.s.4|11|1|190|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.23.s.1|35|1|8950|alpino_lc|1458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.24.s.1|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|2126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.24.s.2|21|1|630|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.25.s.1|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.25.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.26.s.1|17|1|360|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.26.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.26.s.3|12|1|500|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.26.s.4|15|1|1890|alpino_lc|770
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.26.s.5|10|1|520|alpino_lc|637
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.27.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.27.s.2|14|1|630|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.27.s.3|21|1|1730|alpino_lc|837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.27.s.4|16|1|910|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.27.s.5|32|1|1150|alpino_lc|778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.28.s.1|16|1|2650|alpino_lc|1852
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.28.s.2|18|1|780|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.28.s.3|19|1|3070|alpino_lc|2534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.29.s.1|11|1|650|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.30.s.1|29|1|6350|alpino_lc|3492
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.30.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.30.s.3|29|1|3310|alpino_lc|1491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.30.s.4|7|1|200|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.31.s.1|13|1|660|alpino_lc|438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.32.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.32.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.32.s.3|21|1|1410|alpino_lc|982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.32.s.4|20|1|2560|alpino_lc|2093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.33.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.34.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.34.s.2|19|1|7860|alpino_lc|2951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.34.s.3|15|1|520|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.34.s.4|17|1|490|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.34.s.5|6|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.2|13|1|1050|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.3|7|1|210|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.4|25|1|1730|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.6|10|1|310|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.7|17|1|2030|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.8|8|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.9|12|1|280|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.10|6|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.11|17|1|510|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.12|5|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.13|12|1|450|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.14|12|1|210|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.15|16|1|850|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.35.s.16|13|1|160|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.2|14|1|440|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.4|15|1|620|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.5|16|1|820|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.6|7|1|180|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.36.s.7|10|1|160|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.2|17|1|2120|alpino_lc|983
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.4|17|1|530|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.5|13|1|490|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.6|12|1|240|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.7|16|1|840|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.8|14|1|340|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.9|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.10|9|1|440|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.11|14|1|530|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.12|10|1|350|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.13|12|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.14|12|1|250|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.15|6|1|90|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.16|12|1|430|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.17|10|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.37.s.18|12|1|290|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.1|11|1|1000|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.2|20|1|3530|alpino_lc|2212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.3|21|1|990|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.4|20|1|24260|alpino_lc|27750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.5|27|1|1090|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.38.s.6|8|1|90|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.1|19|1|550|alpino_lc|422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.3|13|1|830|alpino_lc|595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.4|40|1|17200|alpino_lc|4547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.5|6|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.6|8|1|230|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.7|8|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.8|14|1|330|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.9|32|1|31900|alpino_lc|18782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.10|13|1|1450|alpino_lc|2108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.11|8|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.39.s.12|16|1|470|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.40.s.1|19|1|1060|alpino_lc|813
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.40.s.2|10|1|1170|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.40.s.3|20|1|2720|alpino_lc|2854
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.2|17|1|430|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.3|30|1|2270|alpino_lc|1915
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.5|19|1|1680|alpino_lc|755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.6|10|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.8|13|1|360|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.9|11|1|410|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.10|16|1|260|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.11|11|1|170|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.12|19|1|3350|alpino_lc|2747
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.13|8|1|160|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.14|12|1|230|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.15|19|1|390|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.16|9|1|330|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.17|18|1|2940|alpino_lc|1900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.18|12|1|300|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.19|24|1|2960|alpino_lc|1618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.20|13|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.21|16|1|1150|alpino_lc|1224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.22|16|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.23|15|1|7520|alpino_lc|2150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.24|25|1|2690|alpino_lc|2595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.25|16|1|3180|alpino_lc|2430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.41.s.26|12|1|3550|alpino_lc|3154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.42.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.43.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.44.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.44.s.2|15|1|960|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.44.s.3|35|1|3020|alpino_lc|1470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.45.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.46.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.46.s.2|16|1|710|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.46.s.3|11|1|390|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.46.s.4|12|1|460|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.47.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.47.s.2|11|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.47.s.3|20|1|8020|alpino_lc|2850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.47.s.4|17|1|1530|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.48.s.1|16|1|320|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.48.s.2|24|1|9570|alpino_lc|1006
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.49.s.1|20|1|1240|alpino_lc|506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.49.s.2|11|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.49.s.3|14|1|1090|alpino_lc|764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.50.s.1|20|1|970|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.50.s.2|29|1|6580|alpino_lc|4093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.1|23|1|690|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.2|27|1|5670|alpino_lc|1410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.3|19|1|850|alpino_lc|717
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.4|13|1|210|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.5|14|1|230|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000008.p.51.s.6|13|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.1.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.2.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.3.s.1|10|1|460|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.2|21|1|1160|alpino_lc|973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.3|19|1|900|alpino_lc|718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.4|17|1|12080|alpino_lc|8184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.5|10|1|810|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.4.s.6|24|1|2930|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.1|24|1|2130|alpino_lc|1314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.3|15|1|2380|alpino_lc|1045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.4|20|1|600|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.5|10|1|420|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.6|26|1|2070|alpino_lc|882
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.7|19|1|390|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.8|12|1|280|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.9|18|1|1120|alpino_lc|540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.5.s.10|8|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.6.s.1|27|1|1130|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.6.s.2|26|1|18140|alpino_lc|9842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.6.s.3|17|1|890|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.6.s.4|17|1|580|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.7.s.1|16|1|460|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.7.s.2|21|1|470|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.7.s.3|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|1033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.7.s.4|25|1|1220|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.8.s.1|16|1|690|alpino_lc|571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.8.s.2|26|1|3240|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.8.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.8.s.4|15|1|820|alpino_lc|1085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.1|15|1|2060|alpino_lc|1228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.2|34|1|3130|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.4|28|1|5190|alpino_lc|776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.5|14|1|930|alpino_lc|423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.6|18|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.7|24|1|350|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.8|14|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.9.s.9|18|1|1280|alpino_lc|1276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.1|27|1|9780|alpino_lc|655
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.3|15|1|210|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.4|15|1|300|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.5|18|1|2350|alpino_lc|704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.10.s.6|14|1|350|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.1|8|1|400|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.2|8|1|420|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.4|39|1|14620|alpino_lc|8879
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.5|15|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.8|9|1|110|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.9|7|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.10|12|1|400|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.11|9|1|350|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.12|22|1|1860|alpino_lc|1243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.13|14|1|300|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.14|10|1|280|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.15|15|1|220|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.16|8|1|130|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.17|9|1|160|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.11.s.18|10|1|320|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.12.s.1|31|1|1340|alpino_lc|696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.2|13|1|560|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.3|10|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.4|8|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.5|24|1|1930|alpino_lc|2040
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.6|12|1|230|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.13.s.7|11|1|970|alpino_lc|620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.1|13|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.2|15|1|1110|alpino_lc|713
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.3|15|1|850|alpino_lc|1030
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.14.s.6|13|1|300|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.15.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.15.s.2|26|1|3270|alpino_lc|1097
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.15.s.3|10|1|1050|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.15.s.4|11|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.15.s.5|21|1|820|alpino_lc|561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.1|19|1|940|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.2|22|1|5460|alpino_lc|2403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.3|11|1|460|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.6|11|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.7|11|1|860|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.16.s.8|17|1|1780|alpino_lc|1101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.17.s.1|14|1|5620|alpino_lc|4484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.18.s.1|20|1|1760|alpino_lc|1665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.18.s.2|16|1|590|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.18.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.1|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.4|9|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.5|10|1|360|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.6|13|1|810|alpino_lc|725
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.7|12|1|250|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.8|16|1|440|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.9|7|1|190|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.10|10|1|480|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.19.s.11|7|1|440|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.1|19|1|790|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.2|22|1|410|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.3|21|1|450|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.4|14|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.5|10|1|190|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.20.s.6|10|1|520|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.21.s.1|21|1|6520|alpino_lc|2093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.21.s.2|17|1|400|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.21.s.3|15|1|1650|alpino_lc|1921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.21.s.4|19|1|540|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.22.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.22.s.2|8|1|360|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.22.s.3|11|1|480|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.22.s.4|18|1|3560|alpino_lc|1642
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.23.s.1|23|1|3410|alpino_lc|3090
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.23.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.23.s.3|23|1|2940|alpino_lc|1454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.23.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.24.s.1|25|1|1170|alpino_lc|692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.24.s.2|29|1|3710|alpino_lc|1574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.24.s.3|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.24.s.4|8|1|180|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.2|11|1|380|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.3|23|1|2660|alpino_lc|4039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.4|9|1|450|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.5|15|1|400|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.6|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.7|15|1|350|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.25.s.8|24|1|580|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.26.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.26.s.2|12|1|330|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.26.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.27.s.1|26|1|2120|alpino_lc|2137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.27.s.2|31|1|3800|alpino_lc|3735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.27.s.3|19|1|470|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.27.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.27.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.2|26|1|1330|alpino_lc|1104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.3|13|1|990|alpino_lc|822
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.4|20|1|1140|alpino_lc|989
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.6|6|1|150|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.7|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|1222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.8|23|1|1110|alpino_lc|966
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.9|29|1|1910|alpino_lc|2179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.10|6|1|200|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.11|12|1|710|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.12|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.13|23|1|750|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.28.s.14|21|1|5540|alpino_lc|2662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.29.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.30.s.1|12|1|740|alpino_lc|1143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.1|18|1|2100|alpino_lc|595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.3|62|1|157910|alpino_lc|17534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.5|18|1|830|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.6|12|1|290|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.7|9|1|930|alpino_lc|1010
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.31.s.8|16|1|1290|alpino_lc|940
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.32.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.33.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000009.p.34.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.1.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.2.s.1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.3.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.5.s.1|17|1|3550|alpino_lc|2251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.5.s.2|44|1|31890|alpino_lc|22260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.6.s.1|19|1|1590|alpino_lc|1270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.7.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.7.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.1|10|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.2|23|1|2680|alpino_lc|1234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.4|23|1|1470|alpino_lc|835
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.6|12|1|140|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.7|9|1|660|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.8|8|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.9|13|1|3190|alpino_lc|2540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.10|11|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.11|16|1|530|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.12|15|1|620|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.13|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|1459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.14|20|1|870|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.8.s.15|19|1|8210|alpino_lc|3067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.9.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.9.s.2|34|1|3290|alpino_lc|1968
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.1|19|1|420|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.2|20|1|5800|alpino_lc|5368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.3|21|1|1140|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.4|13|1|550|alpino_lc|561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.5|10|1|310|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.10.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.2|16|1|990|alpino_lc|830
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.4|14|1|230|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.5|13|1|330|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.6|33|1|1110|alpino_lc|630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.7|12|1|480|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.11.s.8|31|1|3390|alpino_lc|4316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.1|13|1|810|alpino_lc|727
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.3|20|1|1360|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.4|9|1|190|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.5|9|1|470|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.6|7|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.12.s.7|16|1|530|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.3|12|1|380|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.5|15|1|1260|alpino_lc|1239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.6|11|1|120|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.7|16|1|450|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.8|12|1|270|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.9|10|1|160|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.10|16|1|480|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.11|8|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.12|9|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.13|17|1|2810|alpino_lc|2818
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.14|11|1|210|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.15|7|1|130|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.16|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.17|8|1|190|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.13.s.18|13|1|690|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.14.s.1|19|1|440|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.15.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.3|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|1482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.4|19|1|630|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.5|11|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.16.s.6|11|1|580|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.17.s.1|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.17.s.2|10|1|600|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.17.s.3|16|1|580|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.18.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.18.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.1|18|1|2780|alpino_lc|1560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.3|16|1|990|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.4|15|1|11710|alpino_lc|5948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.5|6|1|120|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.6|11|1|260|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.19.s.7|9|1|170|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.2|18|1|540|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.3|12|1|340|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.4|18|1|1390|alpino_lc|861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.5|14|1|220|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.20.s.6|26|1|5940|alpino_lc|3315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.2|14|1|1940|alpino_lc|1460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.4|18|1|700|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.5|10|1|310|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.6|20|1|5040|alpino_lc|6469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.21.s.7|8|1|450|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.22.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.23.s.1|16|1|270|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.23.s.2|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.23.s.3|32|1|9960|alpino_lc|5456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.23.s.4|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|956
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.2|25|1|1290|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.4|18|1|3100|alpino_lc|1398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.5|9|1|190|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.6|16|1|360|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.9|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.10|10|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.11|16|1|2660|alpino_lc|3851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.12|13|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.13|35|1|14680|alpino_lc|1603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.14|7|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.15|15|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.16|21|1|840|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.17|14|1|9520|alpino_lc|1948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.18|8|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.19|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.20|8|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.21|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|2221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.22|15|1|220|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.23|12|1|200|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.24|9|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.25|12|1|440|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.24.s.26|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.25.s.1|25|1|2050|alpino_lc|712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.25.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.25.s.3|14|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.26.s.1|13|1|1650|alpino_lc|1371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.26.s.2|20|1|6270|alpino_lc|1455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.27.s.1|11|1|550|alpino_lc|462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.27.s.2|22|1|3300|alpino_lc|1751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.1|17|1|670|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.4|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|661
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.5|10|1|250|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.6|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.28.s.7|9|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.29.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.29.s.2|18|1|430|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.30.s.1|10|1|320|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.30.s.2|8|1|550|alpino_lc|473
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.31.s.1|13|1|1360|alpino_lc|1364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.31.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.31.s.3|21|1|6550|alpino_lc|2614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.32.s.1|21|1|210|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.33.s.2|25|1|430|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.33.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.34.s.1|12|1|770|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.34.s.2|35|1|22610|alpino_lc|29720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.34.s.3.1|43|1|4560|alpino_lc|4388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.34.s.3.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000010.p.35.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.1.s.1|11|1|400|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.2.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.3.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.4.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.5.s.1|32|1|22030|alpino_lc|4572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.6.s.1|25|1|1580|alpino_lc|1093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.7.s.1|21|1|4870|alpino_lc|3262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.1|13|1|390|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.2.1|15|1|510|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.4|13|1|3030|alpino_lc|3142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.5|23|1|880|alpino_lc|520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.6|17|1|990|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.7|37|1|5120|alpino_lc|2084
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.8|17|1|570|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.8.s.9|13|1|490|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.9.s.1|29|1|6850|alpino_lc|4234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.10.s.1|14|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.11.s.1|11|1|450|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.11.s.2|11|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.11.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.11.s.4|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.11.s.5|9|1|80|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.12.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.12.s.2|8|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.13.s.1|18|1|680|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.14.s.1|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|949
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.15.s.1|23|1|9180|alpino_lc|4736
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.16.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.16.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.16.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.16.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.17.s.1|19|1|510|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.17.s.2|16|1|6250|alpino_lc|449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.17.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.18.s.1|12|1|700|alpino_lc|439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.18.s.2|11|1|350|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.19.s.1|17|1|720|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.20.s.1|41|1|5950|alpino_lc|2557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.21.s.1|15|1|610|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.3|8|1|170|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.4|17|1|1440|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.5|10|1|250|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.6|11|1|400|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.7|11|1|770|alpino_lc|990
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.8|10|1|410|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.9|12|1|770|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.10|20|1|1380|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.11|10|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.12|29|1|13440|alpino_lc|5472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.13|11|1|1270|alpino_lc|700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.14|11|1|830|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.22.s.15|14|1|970|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.23.s.1|13|1|270|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.24.s.1|35|1|2350|alpino_lc|2242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.25.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.25.s.2|17|1|360|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.25.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.26.s.1|13|1|910|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.27.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.27.s.2|15|1|570|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.28.s.1|13|1|1520|alpino_lc|1169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.28.s.2|14|1|1120|alpino_lc|604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.28.s.3|9|1|470|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.29.s.1|14|1|420|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.29.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.29.s.3|12|1|450|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.30.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.31.s.1|36|1|19560|alpino_lc|2541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.32.s.1|9|1|340|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.33.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000011.p.34.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.1.s.1|23|1|1850|alpino_lc|1581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.2.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.3.s.1|22|1|41240|alpino_lc|24001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.3.s.2|21|1|490|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.3.s.3|24|1|2050|alpino_lc|3019
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.3.s.4|21|1|2950|alpino_lc|1191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.3|9|1|190|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.5|12|1|310|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.6|24|1|2830|alpino_lc|1139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.7|13|1|730|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.8|8|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.9|12|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.10|7|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.11|26|1|3060|alpino_lc|2115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.12|15|1|430|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.13|12|1|480|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.14|6|1|200|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.15|9|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.4.s.16|7|1|230|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.5.s.1|20|1|1250|alpino_lc|585
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.5.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.5.s.3|25|1|19730|alpino_lc|16328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.6.s.1|28|1|1910|alpino_lc|1159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.1|23|1|730|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.2|21|1|680|alpino_lc|760
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.3|17|1|300|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.4|22|1|710|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.5|20|1|5570|alpino_lc|1492
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.6|7|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.7|22|1|680|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.8|6|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.9|25|1|31950|alpino_lc|22902
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.7.s.10|16|1|490|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.8.s.1|24|1|2790|alpino_lc|1817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.8.s.2|34|1|17100|alpino_lc|6772
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.8.s.3|26|1|3690|alpino_lc|1859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.9.s.1|17|1|5730|alpino_lc|2974
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.1|8|1|420|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.4|17|1|690|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.5|14|1|320|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.7|11|1|150|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.8|15|1|670|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.9|12|1|460|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.10|15|1|1950|alpino_lc|2267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.11|11|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.10.s.12|8|1|60|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.4|11|1|420|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.5|15|1|950|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.11.s.6|15|1|430|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.12.s.1|25|1|2390|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.13.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.13.s.2|13|1|600|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.14.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.14.s.2|27|1|7320|alpino_lc|6231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.14.s.3|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|2335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.14.s.4|8|1|320|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.2|13|1|730|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.3|16|1|530|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.4|17|1|820|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.5|10|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.15.s.6|16|1|800|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.1|21|1|1080|alpino_lc|1241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.2|12|1|600|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.4|12|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.5|19|1|2010|alpino_lc|1839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.6|10|1|300|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.16.s.7|13|1|220|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.17.s.1|28|1|6500|alpino_lc|4437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.17.s.2|17|1|650|alpino_lc|654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.17.s.3|12|1|200|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.17.s.4|15|1|570|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.17.s.5|15|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.2|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.4|12|1|650|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.5|9|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.18.s.6|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.1|22|1|760|alpino_lc|654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.2|21|1|510|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.4|8|1|230|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.5|13|1|570|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.6|9|1|300|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.19.s.7|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|1031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.20.s.1|15|1|210|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.21.s.1|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|546
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.21.s.2|23|1|550|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.21.s.3|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.1|20|1|4810|alpino_lc|8010
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.2|16|1|1050|alpino_lc|1102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.4|23|1|8560|alpino_lc|14151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.5|14|1|830|alpino_lc|892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.6|16|1|400|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.7|10|1|120|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.8|12|1|190|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.9|10|1|810|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.10|14|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.22.s.11|37|1|3250|alpino_lc|3435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.23.s.1|28|1|6860|alpino_lc|3292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.23.s.2|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.23.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.23.s.4|17|1|1040|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.23.s.5|13|1|1390|alpino_lc|536
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.24.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.24.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.24.s.3|15|1|430|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.24.s.4|11|1|440|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.24.s.5|9|1|150|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.25.s.1|28|1|1400|alpino_lc|766
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.26.s.1|11|1|1020|alpino_lc|1281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.26.s.2|32|1|43530|alpino_lc|12426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.27.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.27.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.28.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.3|21|1|820|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.4|9|1|270|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.5|19|1|430|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000012.p.29.s.6|9|1|290|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.1.s.1|21|1|1020|alpino_lc|1032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.1|18|1|820|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.2|14|1|1030|alpino_lc|750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.3|13|1|300|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.4|17|1|790|alpino_lc|795
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.2.s.6|15|1|900|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.5|8|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.6|6|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.3.s.7|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.4.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.4.s.2|8|1|290|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.4.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.5.s.1|27|1|1240|alpino_lc|970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.5.s.2|11|1|970|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.5.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.6.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.7.s.1|27|1|2480|alpino_lc|2422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.8.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.9.s.1|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.9.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.9.s.3|24|1|2310|alpino_lc|1963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.10.s.1|4|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.10.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.10.s.3|22|1|5590|alpino_lc|2041
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.11.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.11.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.11.s.3|12|1|330|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.1|10|1|320|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.2|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|1274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.4|20|1|1260|alpino_lc|1155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.5|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.6|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|1213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.7|11|1|290|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.8|13|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.9|14|1|370|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.10|17|1|1230|alpino_lc|930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.12.s.11|21|1|520|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.13.s.1|22|1|970|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.13.s.2|14|1|3370|alpino_lc|2028
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.13.s.3|8|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.14.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.14.s.2|21|1|650|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.15.s.1|19|1|760|alpino_lc|737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.15.s.2|14|1|750|alpino_lc|1259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.1|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|1920
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.2|37|1|7280|alpino_lc|3779
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.3|17|1|520|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.4|27|1|2220|alpino_lc|652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.5|30|1|3570|alpino_lc|1483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.6|28|1|9710|alpino_lc|6494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.7|14|1|1400|alpino_lc|838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.8|23|1|4320|alpino_lc|1431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.16.s.9|8|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.17.s.1|28|1|1450|alpino_lc|1188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.18.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.19.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.20.s.1|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|854
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.20.s.2|17|1|3310|alpino_lc|1146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.20.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.20.s.4|7|1|250|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.20.s.5|12|1|730|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.1|15|1|2660|alpino_lc|1689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.2|5|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.3|11|1|260|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.5|19|1|750|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.21.s.6|11|1|230|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.22.s.1|25|1|1400|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.22.s.2|16|1|6760|alpino_lc|3750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.22.s.3|14|1|280|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.22.s.4|17|1|280|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.23.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.24.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.24.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.24.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.24.s.4|12|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.25.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.25.s.2|20|1|530|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.2|15|1|250|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.4|12|1|290|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.5|23|1|3550|alpino_lc|1804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.26.s.6|14|1|300|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.27.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.27.s.2|18|1|880|alpino_lc|708
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.27.s.3|18|1|930|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.28.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.28.s.2|22|1|1460|alpino_lc|908
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.29.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.29.s.2|11|1|1600|alpino_lc|1670
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.30.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.30.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.30.s.3|10|1|800|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.30.s.4|20|1|1710|alpino_lc|1932
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.31.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.31.s.2|25|1|940|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.31.s.3|15|1|410|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.31.s.4|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|1316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.1|13|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.2|11|1|200|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.3|10|1|180|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.4|17|1|600|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.5|22|1|650|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.6|16|1|540|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.7|24|1|1600|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.8|20|1|750|alpino_lc|680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.9|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.32.s.10|16|1|560|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.33.s.1|21|1|490|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.33.s.2|16|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.33.s.3|17|1|290|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.34.s.1|24|1|1860|alpino_lc|562
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.35.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.36.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.37.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.38.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.39.s.1|13|1|1320|alpino_lc|1609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.40.s.1|35|1|6650|alpino_lc|4488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.40.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.41.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.41.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.41.s.3|12|1|720|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.42.s.1|21|1|5710|alpino_lc|1293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.42.s.2|20|1|4720|alpino_lc|4466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.42.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.42.s.4|14|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.1|15|1|290|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.2|8|1|960|alpino_lc|697
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.3|9|1|300|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.4|12|1|250|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.5|10|1|710|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.6|10|1|540|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.7|15|1|230|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.8|12|1|190|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.9|10|1|150|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.10|12|1|420|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.11|18|1|720|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.12|7|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.13|7|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.14|13|1|330|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.43.s.15|17|1|1750|alpino_lc|2548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.44.s.1|15|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.44.s.2|21|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.44.s.3|21|1|1120|alpino_lc|1081
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.45.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.45.s.2|19|1|2350|alpino_lc|1413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.45.s.3|14|1|3830|alpino_lc|1867
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.46.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.46.s.2|19|1|3290|alpino_lc|1043
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.47.s.1|19|1|350|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.48.s.1|22|1|290|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.48.s.2|12|1|1660|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.1|17|1|320|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.2|15|1|740|alpino_lc|688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.3|14|1|320|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.4|11|1|1040|alpino_lc|1281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000013.p.49.s.6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.1.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.2.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.4.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.1|19|1|1530|alpino_lc|862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.2|17|1|350|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.3|17|1|1810|alpino_lc|2635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.5|16|1|630|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.5.s.6|23|1|15440|alpino_lc|11542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.6.s.1|24|1|1480|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.7.s.1|20|1|1260|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.7.s.2|21|1|3140|alpino_lc|1255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.8.s.1|14|1|460|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.8.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.8.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.9.s.1|13|1|830|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.9.s.2|15|1|460|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.9.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.10.s.1|16|1|610|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.10.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.11.s.1|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|1500
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.11.s.2|29|1|10920|alpino_lc|3743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.12.s.1|11|1|600|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.12.s.2|26|1|1250|alpino_lc|892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.1|24|1|1360|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.2|16|1|200|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.4|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|947
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.5|14|1|1580|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.6|25|1|5510|alpino_lc|2755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.13.s.7|13|1|610|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.14.s.1|18|1|460|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.14.s.2|10|1|500|alpino_lc|423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.14.s.3|25|1|3890|alpino_lc|2256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.15.s.1|20|1|1930|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.16.s.1|33|1|2350|alpino_lc|961
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.16.s.2|23|1|1540|alpino_lc|917
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.17.s.1|16|1|2650|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.18.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.18.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.19.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.19.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.20.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.20.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.21.s.1|35|1|5990|alpino_lc|2752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.21.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.22.s.1|27|1|920|alpino_lc|714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.22.s.2|25|1|3750|alpino_lc|2678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.22.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.22.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.23.s.1|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.23.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.23.s.3|14|1|810|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.24.s.1|21|1|460|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.24.s.2|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.25.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.25.s.2|20|1|1120|alpino_lc|988
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.25.s.3|12|1|270|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.25.s.4|26|1|1520|alpino_lc|1343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.25.s.5|22|1|800|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.26.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.27.s.1|20|1|590|alpino_lc|284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.27.s.2|20|1|570|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.27.s.3|16|1|410|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.27.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.28.s.1|18|1|660|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.28.s.2|11|1|2120|alpino_lc|1555
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.28.s.3|19|1|810|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.1|9|1|370|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.3|7|1|180|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.5|15|1|610|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.6|12|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.7|10|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.8|11|1|380|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.9|21|1|760|alpino_lc|905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.10|8|1|220|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.11|26|1|2160|alpino_lc|1094
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.29.s.12|23|1|1940|alpino_lc|2234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.30.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.31.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.32.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.33.s.1|14|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.34.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.34.s.2|13|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.34.s.3|18|1|310|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.35.s.1|18|1|460|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.35.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.35.s.3|12|1|340|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.36.s.1|20|1|2310|alpino_lc|1684
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.36.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.36.s.3|13|1|300|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.36.s.4|14|1|330|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.36.s.5|17|1|4830|alpino_lc|3341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.37.s.1|27|1|810|alpino_lc|517
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.37.s.2|24|1|800|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.37.s.3|10|1|170|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.37.s.4|5|1|120|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.1|18|1|1290|alpino_lc|1140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.4|18|1|400|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.5|11|1|660|alpino_lc|613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.38.s.6|11|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.39.s.1|11|1|1050|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.39.s.2|12|1|640|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.39.s.3|22|1|1790|alpino_lc|1322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.39.s.4|16|1|840|alpino_lc|853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.39.s.5|11|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.40.s.1|16|1|1370|alpino_lc|1203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.40.s.2|22|1|2000|alpino_lc|2927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.41.s.1|20|1|820|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.41.s.2|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|1769
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.41.s.3|17|1|270|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.41.s.4|14|1|2070|alpino_lc|2485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.42.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.42.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.42.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.2|42|1|4760|alpino_lc|1602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.3|16|1|3090|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.5|17|1|640|alpino_lc|842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.6|17|1|500|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.7|16|1|980|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.8|15|1|920|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.43.s.9|20|1|300|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.44.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.45.s.1|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.1|17|1|5050|alpino_lc|4948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.2|5|1|210|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.3|16|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.4|12|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.5|13|1|250|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.7|11|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.8|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.46.s.9|6|1|160|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.47.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.47.s.2|12|1|540|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.47.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.47.s.4|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.48.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.49.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.1|12|1|430|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.3|20|1|470|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.5|7|1|210|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000014.p.50.s.6|13|1|400|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.1.s.1|22|1|3960|alpino_lc|5184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.2.s.1|29|1|930|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.2.s.2|17|1|2520|alpino_lc|1372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.2.s.3|13|1|390|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.3.s.1|24|1|1450|alpino_lc|1052
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.3.s.2|19|1|500|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.5|12|1|610|alpino_lc|517
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.6|15|1|2630|alpino_lc|1163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.7|9|1|200|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.8|9|1|170|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.9|17|1|1890|alpino_lc|1203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.10|9|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.11|34|1|960|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.12|13|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.13|12|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.14|10|1|280|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.15|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.16|10|1|680|alpino_lc|570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.4.s.17|9|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.1|15|1|450|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.2|28|1|4860|alpino_lc|825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.3|7|1|190|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.4|22|1|4420|alpino_lc|2899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.5|22|1|730|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.5.s.6|24|1|480|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.1|24|1|2360|alpino_lc|3196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.2|27|1|6970|alpino_lc|6044
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.3|42|1|3810|alpino_lc|3655
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.4|22|1|950|alpino_lc|914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.5|12|1|470|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.6|10|1|560|alpino_lc|818
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.7|9|1|190|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.8|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.6.s.9|6|1|210|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.7.s.1|23|1|890|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.7.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.7.s.3|10|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.8.s.1|16|1|1890|alpino_lc|1571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.8.s.2|14|1|600|alpino_lc|449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.8.s.3|9|1|470|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.8.s.4|30|1|700|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.8.s.5|20|1|2360|alpino_lc|1028
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.9.s.1|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.9.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.9.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.9.s.4|8|1|130|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.1|12|1|930|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.2|19|1|430|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.3|14|1|730|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.4|8|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.6|12|1|260|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.7|13|1|1010|alpino_lc|1053
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.8|11|1|330|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.10.s.9|21|1|5330|alpino_lc|1899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.11.s.1|17|1|1380|alpino_lc|942
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.11.s.2|8|1|320|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.12.s.1|23|1|1460|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.13.s.1|15|1|2910|alpino_lc|4886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.13.s.2|22|1|990|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.14.s.1|18|1|430|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.1|29|1|1660|alpino_lc|1258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.2|9|1|260|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.3|15|1|330|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.4|14|1|710|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.5|19|1|410|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.6|18|1|270|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.7|11|1|560|alpino_lc|521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.8|12|1|290|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.9|6|1|210|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.10|13|1|240|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.11|14|1|320|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.12|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.13|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.14|12|1|460|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.15.s.15|18|1|530|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.16.s.1|22|1|6690|alpino_lc|5697
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.16.s.2|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.16.s.3|28|1|1710|alpino_lc|963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.1|26|1|8860|alpino_lc|3586
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.3|20|1|1580|alpino_lc|1259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.4|10|1|170|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.5|25|1|660|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.6|32|1|2030|alpino_lc|1094
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.7|30|1|10990|alpino_lc|3503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.8|20|1|490|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.17.s.9|26|1|2730|alpino_lc|1481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.18.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.19.s.1|24|1|660|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.20.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.20.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.20.s.3|12|1|1560|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.20.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.20.s.5|19|1|2000|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.21.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.21.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.21.s.3|15|1|3900|alpino_lc|2729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.21.s.4|22|1|2300|alpino_lc|643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.21.s.5|12|1|320|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.1|15|1|990|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.3|18|1|220|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.5|8|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.22.s.6|12|1|850|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.1|16|1|1890|alpino_lc|1919
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.3|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|1224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.4|13|1|130|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.23.s.6|18|1|690|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.5|19|1|740|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.24.s.6|24|1|4920|alpino_lc|10090
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.25.s.1|22|1|3830|alpino_lc|1944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.25.s.2|20|1|3530|alpino_lc|5245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.26.s.1|30|1|13410|alpino_lc|3060
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.26.s.2|22|1|10690|alpino_lc|5418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.27.s.1|15|1|680|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.27.s.2|20|1|880|alpino_lc|543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.28.s.1|15|1|930|alpino_lc|579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.28.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.28.s.3|10|1|590|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.29.s.1|20|1|3230|alpino_lc|1895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.29.s.2|20|1|2860|alpino_lc|731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.29.s.3|21|1|1470|alpino_lc|802
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.3|13|1|430|alpino_lc|408
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.4|7|1|30|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.5|6|1|150|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.6|43|1|40740|alpino_lc|9624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.7|15|1|230|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.8|27|1|7280|alpino_lc|6333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.9|6|1|280|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.10|20|1|430|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.11|6|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.12|7|1|160|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.13|7|1|1560|alpino_lc|2071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.14|15|1|710|alpino_lc|607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.15|22|1|8840|alpino_lc|5461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.16|9|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.30.s.17|12|1|1150|alpino_lc|746
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.1|26|1|560|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.4|20|1|2860|alpino_lc|1900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.5|15|1|1490|alpino_lc|857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.31.s.6|14|1|510|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.3|6|1|240|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.4|14|1|1010|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.5|11|1|930|alpino_lc|1064
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.6|10|1|200|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.7|8|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.8|5|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.9|16|1|670|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.10|5|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.11|18|1|1410|alpino_lc|1012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.12|9|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.13|9|1|470|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.32.s.14|10|1|420|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.2|12|1|800|alpino_lc|795
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.5|15|1|260|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.6|5|1|180|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.7|9|1|440|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.8|9|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.9|10|1|550|alpino_lc|687
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.10|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.11|14|1|310|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.12|8|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.13|11|1|380|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.33.s.14|21|1|1720|alpino_lc|1029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.34.s.1|18|1|790|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.34.s.2|20|1|1470|alpino_lc|702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.34.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.34.s.4|7|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.1|13|1|230|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.2|15|1|350|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.3|17|1|440|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.5|15|1|1280|alpino_lc|1150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.6|14|1|920|alpino_lc|640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.7|20|1|5650|alpino_lc|2889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.35.s.8|10|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.36.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.37.s.1|26|1|6320|alpino_lc|8729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.37.s.2|22|1|3010|alpino_lc|1704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.37.s.3|21|1|910|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.38.s.1|20|1|1640|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.38.s.2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.38.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.38.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.38.s.5|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000015.p.39.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.1.s.1|19|1|1590|alpino_lc|1253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.2.s.1|39|1|4350|alpino_lc|1826
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.2.s.2|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|1192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.2.s.3|17|1|790|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.2.s.4|26|1|950|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.2.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.3.s.1|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.1|21|1|630|alpino_lc|303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.3|15|1|380|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.4|11|1|520|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.5|6|1|90|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.6|9|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.7|21|1|530|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.8|10|1|270|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.9|13|1|290|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.10|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.4.s.11|12|1|1170|alpino_lc|1866
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.5.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|793
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.5.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.5.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.5.s.4|14|1|350|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.5.s.5|13|1|220|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.6.s.1|30|1|4840|alpino_lc|699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.1|12|1|400|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.2|14|1|440|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.3|12|1|1330|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.4|11|1|190|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.5|6|1|200|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.7.s.6|13|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.8.s.1|22|1|990|alpino_lc|676
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.9.s.1|19|1|470|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.9.s.2|16|1|540|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.9.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.9.s.4|16|1|1710|alpino_lc|1062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.1|15|1|290|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.3|30|1|1060|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.4|8|1|300|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.5|7|1|830|alpino_lc|1147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.6|17|1|470|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.7|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|917
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.8|23|1|3160|alpino_lc|1496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.9|10|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.10.s.10|16|1|530|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.11.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.11.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.11.s.3|8|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.12.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.13.s.1|22|1|940|alpino_lc|649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.13.s.2|7|1|220|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.13.s.3|9|1|390|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.13.s.4|16|1|890|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.13.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.1|18|1|690|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.2|19|1|840|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.3|22|1|750|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.5|39|1|13050|alpino_lc|6932
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.6|27|1|1370|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.7|28|1|700|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.8|21|1|2330|alpino_lc|1058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.9|21|1|1120|alpino_lc|826
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.10|7|1|470|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.14.s.11|25|1|1840|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.15.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.15.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.15.s.3|16|1|620|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.2|10|1|410|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.3|16|1|4210|alpino_lc|4446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.5|16|1|400|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.16.s.6|12|1|170|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.17.s.1|13|1|2000|alpino_lc|1403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.17.s.2|14|1|310|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.18.s.1|19|1|1690|alpino_lc|547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.18.s.2|19|1|1910|alpino_lc|1520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.19.s.1|14|1|200|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.19.s.2|15|1|380|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.19.s.3|17|1|490|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.19.s.4|16|1|490|alpino_lc|495
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.20.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.21.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.21.s.2|8|1|350|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.21.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.21.s.4|21|1|1910|alpino_lc|955
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.21.s.5|11|1|680|alpino_lc|629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.22.s.1|21|1|810|alpino_lc|643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.22.s.2|13|1|540|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.22.s.3|17|1|3150|alpino_lc|1528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.22.s.4|18|1|590|alpino_lc|433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.23.s.1|13|1|680|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.23.s.2|7|1|220|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.1|10|1|800|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.2|7|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.5|17|1|280|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.24.s.6|15|1|870|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.25.s.1|7|1|330|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.26.s.1|11|1|500|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.26.s.2|19|1|470|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.26.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.26.s.4|11|1|1040|alpino_lc|1119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.1|20|1|2540|alpino_lc|2889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.2|13|1|410|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.3|13|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.4|17|1|400|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.5|8|1|310|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.6|12|1|430|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.7|15|1|3290|alpino_lc|3085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.8|13|1|240|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.9|8|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.10|10|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.11|11|1|550|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.12|10|1|250|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.13|11|1|490|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.14|6|1|160|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.15|8|1|430|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.16|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|473
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.27.s.17|11|1|420|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.28.s.1|20|1|360|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.28.s.2|28|1|13740|alpino_lc|10062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.28.s.3|14|1|1980|alpino_lc|1620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.28.s.4|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.28.s.5|25|1|2670|alpino_lc|1930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.29.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.1|13|1|330|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.2|13|1|520|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.3|28|1|1640|alpino_lc|870
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.5|13|1|870|alpino_lc|348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.6|23|1|1460|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.7|17|1|310|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.8|15|1|530|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.9|10|1|300|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.30.s.10|16|1|450|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.31.s.1|27|1|1470|alpino_lc|543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.31.s.2|16|1|3600|alpino_lc|2270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.31.s.3|14|1|200|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.32.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.33.s.1|17|1|1890|alpino_lc|1885
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.34.s.1|36|1|2190|alpino_lc|1298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.35.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.36.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.36.s.2|11|1|490|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.36.s.3|31|1|3870|alpino_lc|2196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.37.s.1|15|1|480|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.37.s.2|16|1|2040|alpino_lc|3036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.38.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.38.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.38.s.3|14|1|510|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.38.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.38.s.5|7|1|180|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.39.s.1|11|1|640|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.39.s.2|27|1|1080|alpino_lc|487
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.39.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.40.s.1|18|1|560|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.41.s.1|29|1|2990|alpino_lc|446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.41.s.2|4|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.42.s.1|36|1|12470|alpino_lc|4016
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.42.s.2|18|1|620|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.42.s.3|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.42.s.4|10|1|600|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000016.p.42.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.1.s.1|20|1|13260|alpino_lc|9464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.2.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.3.s.1|9|1|440|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.3.s.2|18|1|500|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.3.s.3|18|1|4230|alpino_lc|2256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.3.s.4|22|1|7270|alpino_lc|6083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.3.s.5|15|1|1120|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.4.s.1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.5.s.1|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|915
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.6.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.6.s.2|22|1|9400|alpino_lc|3892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.6.s.3|17|1|1810|alpino_lc|2134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.6.s.4|32|1|15320|alpino_lc|4004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.1|16|1|970|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.3|12|1|790|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.4|17|1|360|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.5|11|1|170|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.7.s.6|26|1|4500|alpino_lc|3565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.8.s.1|15|1|560|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.8.s.2|16|1|1580|alpino_lc|1290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.8.s.3|13|1|600|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.1|12|1|370|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.2|15|1|400|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.3|21|1|8900|alpino_lc|4388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.5|18|1|1130|alpino_lc|1212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.6|14|1|360|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.7|11|1|680|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.8|17|1|500|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.9|10|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.9.s.10|10|1|170|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.10.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.11.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.12.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.13.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.14.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.15.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.2|5|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.4|9|1|190|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.5|6|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.6|10|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.7|5|1|300|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.8|72|1|59070|alpino_lc|18733
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.9|31|1|1660|alpino_lc|1876
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.10|10|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.11|11|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.12|8|1|230|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.13|31|1|1490|alpino_lc|2973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.16.s.14|28|1|5270|alpino_lc|4934
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.17.s.1|15|1|790|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.17.s.2|20|1|37340|alpino_lc|17220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.17.s.3|15|1|540|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.17.s.4|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.18.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.18.s.2|23|1|630|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.19.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.19.s.2|15|1|810|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.19.s.3|22|1|1540|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.20.s.1|33|1|1900|alpino_lc|1345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.20.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.21.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.22.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.23.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.24.s.1|26|1|6930|alpino_lc|3158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.24.s.2|17|1|40500|alpino_lc|13880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.24.s.3|13|1|430|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.25.s.1|15|1|960|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.1|17|1|4460|alpino_lc|1371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.3|24|1|1370|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.4|15|1|400|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.5|19|1|2020|alpino_lc|1484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.26.s.6|23|1|610|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.2|9|1|980|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.3|18|1|270|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.6|11|1|170|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.7|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.27.s.8|10|1|1610|alpino_lc|946
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.1|18|1|2230|alpino_lc|1299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.3|17|1|550|alpino_lc|524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.4|14|1|520|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.5|7|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.6|11|1|370|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.7|9|1|420|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.28.s.8|16|1|360|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.29.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.29.s.2|20|1|1310|alpino_lc|950
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.30.s.1|17|1|690|alpino_lc|965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.31.s.1|11|1|410|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.31.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.31.s.3|15|1|870|alpino_lc|538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.32.s.1|24|1|5490|alpino_lc|2987
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.33.s.1|8|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.33.s.2|33|1|37870|alpino_lc|16813
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.34.s.1|18|1|2800|alpino_lc|985
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.34.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.34.s.3|14|1|550|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.2|19|1|500|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.3|9|1|350|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.5|9|1|420|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.6|11|1|240|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.7|9|1|200|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.8|11|1|1100|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.9|12|1|1820|alpino_lc|909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.10|17|1|540|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.11|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1546
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.12|9|1|320|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.13|14|1|330|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.14|9|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.15|9|1|140|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.16|15|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.17|19|1|850|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.18|10|1|180|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.19|14|1|370|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.20|11|1|410|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.35.s.21|7|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.36.s.1|19|1|1590|alpino_lc|877
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.36.s.2|21|1|510|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.37.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.37.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.37.s.3|21|1|1700|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.37.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.38.s.1|21|1|1150|alpino_lc|921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.38.s.2|26|1|30530|alpino_lc|10907
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.38.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|626
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.38.s.4|21|1|1870|alpino_lc|1688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.39.s.1|26|1|2640|alpino_lc|1527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.39.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.39.s.3|19|1|1430|alpino_lc|547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.39.s.4|12|1|540|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.39.s.5|14|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.40.s.1|26|1|3920|alpino_lc|1724
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.41.s.1|27|1|1090|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.42.s.1|19|1|4740|alpino_lc|3576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.42.s.2|12|1|440|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.42.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.43.s.1|13|1|390|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.43.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.43.s.3|12|1|300|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.43.s.4|4|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.1|12|1|570|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.2|10|1|360|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.3|20|1|2390|alpino_lc|1097
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.4|6|1|160|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.5|16|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.6|11|1|240|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.7|5|1|50|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.44.s.8|26|1|1630|alpino_lc|1387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.1|6|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.2|18|1|640|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.3|12|1|200|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.4|22|1|2380|alpino_lc|462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.5|5|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.6|18|1|1770|alpino_lc|2482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.7|11|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.8|21|1|890|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.10|10|1|280|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.11|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.12|8|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.13|8|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.14|11|1|230|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.15|8|1|150|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000017.p.45.s.16|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.1.s.1|24|1|1220|alpino_lc|790
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.2.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.2.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.3.s.1|11|1|350|alpino_lc|350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.4.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.5.s.1|19|1|840|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.6.s.1|32|1|7740|alpino_lc|938
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.7.s.1|18|1|1510|alpino_lc|1895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.1|17|1|3260|alpino_lc|2034
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.2|32|1|3490|alpino_lc|806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.3|23|1|2190|alpino_lc|914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.4|14|1|550|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.6|28|1|2020|alpino_lc|1119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.7|13|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.8.s.8|27|1|6270|alpino_lc|1303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.9.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.10.s.1|18|1|300|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.11.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.12.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.13.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.14.s.1|18|1|6180|alpino_lc|2527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.15.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.16.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.17.s.1|11|1|950|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.17.s.2|17|1|1990|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.17.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.17.s.4|16|1|320|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.18.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.18.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.18.s.3|9|1|800|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.19.s.1|29|1|55910|alpino_lc|7172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.20.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.20.s.2|17|1|5290|alpino_lc|764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.21.s.1|13|1|780|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.21.s.2|29|1|1820|alpino_lc|1201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.22.s.1|14|1|480|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.23.s.1|24|1|5370|alpino_lc|5088
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.24.s.1|23|1|1120|alpino_lc|474
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.25.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.26.s.1|25|1|1280|alpino_lc|1094
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.26.s.2|20|1|500|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.27.s.1|33|1|11000|alpino_lc|2861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.27.s.2|10|1|1650|alpino_lc|1623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.28.s.1|19|1|500|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.28.s.2|23|1|470|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.29.s.1|20|1|670|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.30.s.1|8|1|230|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.31.s.1|31|1|1930|alpino_lc|1163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.32.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.32.s.2|32|1|2490|alpino_lc|3885
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.32.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.33.s.1|16|1|2690|alpino_lc|1804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.34.s.1|8|1|390|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.35.s.1|12|1|1290|alpino_lc|900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.36.s.1|13|1|540|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.37.s.1|26|1|1380|alpino_lc|665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.37.s.2|16|1|640|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.38.s.1|22|1|710|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.39.s.1|30|1|8080|alpino_lc|992
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.40.s.1|10|1|270|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.41.s.1|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|501
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.41.s.2|25|1|460|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.41.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.42.s.1|23|1|5190|alpino_lc|2929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.42.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.43.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.43.s.2|29|1|1560|alpino_lc|699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.44.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.45.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.46.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.47.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.48.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.49.s.1|18|1|450|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.49.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.1|14|1|2960|alpino_lc|2292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.2|15|1|790|alpino_lc|743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.4|15|1|310|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.5|6|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.50.s.6|13|1|240|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.51.s.1|9|1|270|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.51.s.2|16|1|700|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.51.s.3|16|1|1650|alpino_lc|1133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.52.s.1|17|1|560|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.52.s.2|21|1|610|alpino_lc|442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.53.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.53.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.53.s.3|19|1|1100|alpino_lc|608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.53.s.4|34|1|30020|alpino_lc|18930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000018.p.54.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.1.s.1|18|1|2180|alpino_lc|2125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.2.s.1|36|1|2300|alpino_lc|1212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.2.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.2.s.3|23|1|1780|alpino_lc|1543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.2.s.4|15|1|1860|alpino_lc|855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.3.s.1|21|1|360|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.3.s.2|19|1|2080|alpino_lc|1431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.4.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.4.s.2|17|1|760|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.4.s.3|15|1|2350|alpino_lc|1267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.5.s.1|22|1|870|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.6.s.1|19|1|12210|alpino_lc|4418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.1|16|1|2060|alpino_lc|952
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.2|21|1|2400|alpino_lc|2378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.4|24|1|7980|alpino_lc|4279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.5|12|1|170|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.7.s.6|42|1|40110|alpino_lc|14178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.8.s.1|23|1|780|alpino_lc|589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.8.s.2|16|1|550|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.8.s.3|18|1|440|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.9.s.1|36|1|4400|alpino_lc|1022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.9.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.10.s.1|14|1|200|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.10.s.2|16|1|660|alpino_lc|707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.10.s.3|64|1|5950|alpino_lc|2040
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.10.s.4|17|1|460|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.11.s.1|9|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.11.s.2|14|1|140|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.12.s.1|24|1|1330|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.13.s.1|25|1|1260|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.13.s.2|19|1|2010|alpino_lc|2172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.13.s.3|18|1|1570|alpino_lc|1266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.14.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.14.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.15.s.1|16|1|430|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.15.s.2|17|1|800|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.15.s.3|15|1|570|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.16.s.1|27|1|8540|alpino_lc|6117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.17.s.1|20|1|1080|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.17.s.2|7|1|180|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.17.s.3|24|1|14670|alpino_lc|15558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.18.s.1|21|1|2440|alpino_lc|1032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.18.s.2|25|1|1020|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.18.s.3|21|1|2740|alpino_lc|1545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.19.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.19.s.2|14|1|730|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.19.s.3|27|1|490|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.19.s.4|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|1247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.20.s.1|28|1|3750|alpino_lc|2299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.21.s.1|10|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.22.s.1|23|1|780|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.1|21|1|1220|alpino_lc|862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.2|45|1|170|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.3|15|1|690|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.4|29|1|480|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.5|60|1|570|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.6|19|1|890|alpino_lc|481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.23.s.7|61|1|3150|alpino_lc|2277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.24.s.1|30|1|1230|alpino_lc|1895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.3|7|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.4|12|1|250|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.5|14|1|1650|alpino_lc|1579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.6|10|1|360|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.7|14|1|620|alpino_lc|800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.25.s.8|10|1|550|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.26.s.1|18|1|570|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.26.s.2|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.27.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.27.s.2|13|1|210|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.27.s.3|10|1|800|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.28.s.1|17|1|570|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.28.s.2|15|1|800|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.28.s.3|14|1|960|alpino_lc|518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.28.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.28.s.5|11|1|260|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.4|13|1|950|alpino_lc|422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.5|10|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.6|8|1|220|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.29.s.7|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.30.s.1|24|1|2840|alpino_lc|2767
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.30.s.2|14|1|470|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.30.s.3|11|1|740|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.30.s.4|11|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.30.s.5|7|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.31.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.32.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.32.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.32.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.32.s.4|18|1|1410|alpino_lc|982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.33.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.34.s.1|37|1|64680|alpino_lc|11609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.34.s.2|13|1|550|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.34.s.3|16|1|1840|alpino_lc|2130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.1|23|1|660|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.2|9|1|440|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.3|11|1|220|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.4|16|1|1590|alpino_lc|978
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.5|13|1|520|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.6|10|1|150|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.7|18|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.8|13|1|210|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.9|10|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.10|6|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.11|14|1|660|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.12|8|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.13|15|1|880|alpino_lc|1194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.14|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.35.s.15|20|1|4480|alpino_lc|2432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.36.s.1|10|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.37.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.38.s.1|12|1|280|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.39.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.40.s.1|17|1|320|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.41.s.1|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|691
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.41.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.41.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.41.s.4|13|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.42.s.1|9|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.42.s.2|20|1|5090|alpino_lc|3194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.42.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.42.s.4|12|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.43.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.43.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.44.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.44.s.2|37|1|2060|alpino_lc|1087
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.44.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.45.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.46.s.1|25|1|2660|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.46.s.2|19|1|390|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000019.p.46.s.3|19|1|710|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.1.s.1|22|1|1780|alpino_lc|1704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.2.s.1|16|1|590|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.2.s.2|11|1|330|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.2.s.3|23|1|600|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.2.s.4|19|1|530|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.2.s.5|18|1|750|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.3.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.4.s.1|55|1|7130|alpino_lc|3016
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.5.s.1|16|1|17200|alpino_lc|9823
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.6.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.7.s.1|12|1|400|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.1|6|1|280|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.3|13|1|270|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.4|16|1|1640|alpino_lc|1436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.5|15|1|680|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.8.s.6|17|1|2580|alpino_lc|1520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.9.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.9.s.2|19|1|1390|alpino_lc|1002
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.9.s.3|17|1|220|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.1|13|1|640|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.2|18|1|390|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.4|22|1|810|alpino_lc|959
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.5|20|1|900|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.6|8|1|280|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.10.s.7|14|1|3030|alpino_lc|1712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.11.s.1|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|1129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.12.s.1|24|1|830|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.13.s.1|18|1|760|alpino_lc|481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.13.s.2|18|1|12290|alpino_lc|17818
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.2|9|1|340|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.3|9|1|390|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.4|22|1|3050|alpino_lc|1766
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.5|20|1|2940|alpino_lc|3085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.6|8|1|470|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.7|18|1|590|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.14.s.8|12|1|260|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.15.s.1|14|1|570|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.15.s.2|16|1|1380|alpino_lc|1456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.16.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.16.s.2|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.16.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.16.s.4|21|1|710|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.16.s.5|17|1|620|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.17.s.1|16|1|820|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.17.s.2|20|1|1410|alpino_lc|1072
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.18.s.1|19|1|200|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.18.s.2|20|1|2170|alpino_lc|1007
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.18.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.18.s.4|11|1|760|alpino_lc|803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.19.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.19.s.2|11|1|360|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.20.s.1|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|1046
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.20.s.2|14|1|620|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.20.s.3|13|1|680|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.21.s.1|22|1|530|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.22.s.1|13|1|930|alpino_lc|876
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.22.s.2|23|1|1560|alpino_lc|1312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.23.s.1|20|1|3690|alpino_lc|2320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.23.s.2|18|1|380|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.2|29|1|29860|alpino_lc|7286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.3|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.4|19|1|1170|alpino_lc|1096
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.5|14|1|550|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.6|11|1|450|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.7|13|1|850|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.24.s.8|11|1|90|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.25.s.1|38|1|5160|alpino_lc|2708
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.25.s.2|17|1|1340|alpino_lc|516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.26.s.1|26|1|6530|alpino_lc|1524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.27.s.1_p.28.s.1|32|1|7430|alpino_lc|2905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.28.s.2|17|1|1980|alpino_lc|1398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.29.s.1|18|1|1900|alpino_lc|1175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.29.s.2|28|1|3780|alpino_lc|1985
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.30.s.1|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|1093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.30.s.2|19|1|910|alpino_lc|708
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.31.s.1|23|1|510|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.32.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.32.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.32.s.3|11|1|470|alpino_lc|461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.32.s.4|17|1|1150|alpino_lc|649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.33.s.1|14|1|650|alpino_lc|527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.34.s.1|12|1|820|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.34.s.2|16|1|520|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.34.s.3|6|1|230|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.34.s.4|25|1|5980|alpino_lc|3494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.34.s.5|12|1|1120|alpino_lc|1007
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.35.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.35.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.35.s.3|13|1|320|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.35.s.4|12|1|2120|alpino_lc|900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.35.s.5|14|1|430|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.36.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.36.s.2|12|1|300|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.36.s.3|18|1|4170|alpino_lc|1804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.36.s.4|29|1|2720|alpino_lc|688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.36.s.5|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|1196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.37.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.37.s.2|17|1|6000|alpino_lc|4693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.37.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.38.s.1|31|1|3930|alpino_lc|1871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.39.s.1|15|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.40.s.1|20|1|820|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.40.s.2|19|1|1710|alpino_lc|842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.40.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.40.s.4|14|1|280|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.41.s.1|26|1|7570|alpino_lc|1734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.41.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.41.s.3|9|1|380|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.41.s.4|16|1|390|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.42.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.3|19|1|1830|alpino_lc|1529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.5|12|1|820|alpino_lc|821
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.6|13|1|1740|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.43.s.7|16|1|1470|alpino_lc|3142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.1|17|1|720|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.2|18|1|940|alpino_lc|698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.6|15|1|1000|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.7|13|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.8|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.9|8|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.10|11|1|770|alpino_lc|571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.11|6|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.12|19|1|920|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.13|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.14|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.15|14|1|890|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.16|16|1|1110|alpino_lc|1279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.17|12|1|220|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.18|15|1|410|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.19|8|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.20|20|1|4220|alpino_lc|2562
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.21|6|1|80|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.22|7|1|140|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.23|14|1|290|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.24|16|1|380|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.25|6|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.26|7|1|220|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.27|17|1|3870|alpino_lc|2057
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.28|9|1|510|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.44.s.29|23|1|520|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.45.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.46.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.46.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.46.s.3|14|1|1160|alpino_lc|1093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.46.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.47.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.1|20|1|3760|alpino_lc|2320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.2|17|1|280|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.3|15|1|220|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.4|12|1|650|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.5|16|1|790|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000020.p.48.s.6|9|1|140|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.1.s.1|28|1|2820|alpino_lc|3344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.2.s.1|30|1|1510|alpino_lc|694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.2.s.2|9|1|440|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.3.s.1|22|1|1450|alpino_lc|765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.3.s.2|13|1|310|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.3.s.3|30|1|16660|alpino_lc|6062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.3.s.4|24|1|6230|alpino_lc|1729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.3.s.5|7|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.4.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.5.s.1|28|1|6360|alpino_lc|2581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.5.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.6.s.1|10|1|590|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.6.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.6.s.3|10|1|170|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.3|18|1|630|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.6|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|1042
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.7|13|1|410|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.8|13|1|500|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.9|18|1|1860|alpino_lc|2379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.10|9|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.11|18|1|540|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.12|8|1|100|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.7.s.13|18|1|340|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.8.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.8.s.2|13|1|980|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.8.s.3|8|1|250|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.8.s.4|15|1|510|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.9.s.1|28|1|2010|alpino_lc|1573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.9.s.2|26|1|15660|alpino_lc|7433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.9.s.3|18|1|720|alpino_lc|752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.10.s.1|20|1|1250|alpino_lc|630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.11.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.12.s.1|18|1|870|alpino_lc|778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.12.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.12.s.3|25|1|1840|alpino_lc|1749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.1|49|1|115420|alpino_lc|24241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.2|17|1|660|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.3|24|1|4830|alpino_lc|2742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.4|21|1|570|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.5|10|1|480|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.6|24|1|580|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.13.s.7|9|1|90|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.14.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.15.s.1|15|1|1440|alpino_lc|1291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.15.s.2|21|1|1080|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.15.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.15.s.4|14|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.16.s.1|20|1|17760|alpino_lc|10806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.16.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.16.s.3|13|1|340|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.17.s.1|15|1|590|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.17.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.17.s.3|16|1|230|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.17.s.4|24|1|1000|alpino_lc|926
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.18.s.1|14|1|2080|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.18.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.18.s.3|19|1|400|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.19.s.1|12|1|740|alpino_lc|970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.1|20|1|2700|alpino_lc|2947
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.2|19|1|250|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.3|20|1|2160|alpino_lc|2098
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.5|20|1|790|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.6|17|1|360|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.20.s.7|28|1|4270|alpino_lc|3965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.21.s.1|22|1|350|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.1|13|1|530|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.2|15|1|2260|alpino_lc|1232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.4|8|1|60|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.5|21|1|5600|alpino_lc|3582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.22.s.6|20|1|860|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.3|8|1|270|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.4|11|1|11710|alpino_lc|1846
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.5|10|1|1090|alpino_lc|998
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.23.s.6|22|1|1340|alpino_lc|688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.24.s.1|19|1|3290|alpino_lc|3038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.24.s.2|15|1|600|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.24.s.3|9|1|370|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.24.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.24.s.5|16|1|750|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.25.s.1|20|1|8590|alpino_lc|11416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.25.s.2|17|1|7360|alpino_lc|3177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.25.s.3|26|1|17470|alpino_lc|10751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.25.s.4|14|1|1230|alpino_lc|735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.26.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.26.s.2|21|1|970|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.27.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.28.s.1|10|1|430|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.29.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.29.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.29.s.3|16|1|1680|alpino_lc|2058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.29.s.4|12|1|490|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.29.s.5|14|1|1360|alpino_lc|1109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.30.s.1|9|1|510|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.30.s.2|12|1|270|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.30.s.3|22|1|1600|alpino_lc|879
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.31.s.1|13|1|8140|alpino_lc|15850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.31.s.2|19|1|560|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.2|10|1|230|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.3|18|1|630|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.4|11|1|720|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.5|10|1|290|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.32.s.6|13|1|680|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.33.s.1|22|1|1450|alpino_lc|696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.33.s.2|13|1|320|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.33.s.3|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|819
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.34.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.34.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.34.s.3|22|1|750|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.34.s.4|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|1226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.3|15|1|1240|alpino_lc|1279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.4|12|1|630|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.5|17|1|2370|alpino_lc|1610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.35.s.6|6|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.36.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.37.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.37.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.2|22|1|2460|alpino_lc|1324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.4|13|1|300|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.5|8|1|220|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.6|13|1|310|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.38.s.7|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.39.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.40.s.1|15|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.40.s.2|22|1|1270|alpino_lc|954
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.40.s.3|12|1|80|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000021.p.40.s.4|46|1|21770|alpino_lc|19400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.1.s.1.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.1.s.1.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.1.s.1.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.3.s.1|21|1|450|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.3.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.3.s.3|10|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.3.s.4|20|1|2980|alpino_lc|1175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.3.s.5|11|1|300|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.4.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.5.s.1|12|1|1680|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.7.s.1|18|1|910|alpino_lc|760
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.7.s.2|15|1|520|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.7.s.3|13|1|200|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.8.s.1|21|1|2550|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.8.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.8.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.9.s.1|27|1|23460|alpino_lc|10200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.9.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.9.s.3|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.10.s.1|18|1|3870|alpino_lc|3292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.10.s.2|13|1|180|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.10.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.11.s.1|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|1486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.11.s.2|18|1|1830|alpino_lc|1049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.11.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.12.s.1|16|1|2920|alpino_lc|2644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.13.s.1|18|1|370|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.13.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.13.s.3|12|1|310|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.13.s.4|18|1|380|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.14.s.1|23|1|1290|alpino_lc|522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.14.s.2|12|1|710|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.15.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.15.s.2|25|1|1960|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.16.s.1|18|1|1930|alpino_lc|1004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.16.s.2|20|1|660|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.16.s.3|16|1|370|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.17.s.1|9|1|820|alpino_lc|957
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.17.s.2|18|1|520|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.17.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.18.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.18.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.18.s.3|13|1|770|alpino_lc|522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.1|20|1|700|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.2|25|1|2630|alpino_lc|915
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.3|13|1|580|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.4|17|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.5|17|1|1230|alpino_lc|755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.6|16|1|310|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.7|14|1|840|alpino_lc|1154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.8|9|1|1120|alpino_lc|1351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.9|23|1|3690|alpino_lc|3572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.19.s.10|11|1|500|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.20.s.1|11|1|720|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.21.s.1|30|1|520|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.1|17|1|2790|alpino_lc|1438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.2|13|1|1280|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.3|13|1|410|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.4|14|1|470|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.5|8|1|210|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.22.s.6|12|1|780|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.1|8|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.2|9|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.3|8|1|140|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.4|11|1|200|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.5|7|1|310|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.6|16|1|400|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.23.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.24.s.1|17|1|1340|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.24.s.2|11|1|910|alpino_lc|1009
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.25.s.1|24|1|1050|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.26.s.1|12|1|1730|alpino_lc|1406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.26.s.2|11|1|430|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.26.s.3|29|1|2800|alpino_lc|2529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.27.s.1|47|1|22810|alpino_lc|9663
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.27.s.2|12|1|880|alpino_lc|865
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.27.s.3|11|1|420|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.28.s.1|14|1|190|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.28.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.28.s.3|16|1|900|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.28.s.4|23|1|1380|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.29.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.30.s.1|37|1|3420|alpino_lc|1001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.30.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.30.s.3|31|1|34940|alpino_lc|9610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.30.s.4|24|1|8840|alpino_lc|2914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.31.s.1|15|1|710|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.31.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.31.s.3|16|1|2110|alpino_lc|1345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.31.s.4|30|1|4470|alpino_lc|2678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.31.s.5|21|1|1700|alpino_lc|658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.32.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.33.s.1|38|1|7760|alpino_lc|1275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.34.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.34.s.2|23|1|990|alpino_lc|624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.34.s.3|15|1|370|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.1|23|1|2810|alpino_lc|1371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.2|12|1|440|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.3.1|12|1|400|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.3.2|12|1|610|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.4|30|1|820|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.5|23|1|520|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.6|11|1|160|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.7|15|1|630|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.35.s.8|12|1|610|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.36.s.1|18|1|3260|alpino_lc|2886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.36.s.2|8|1|290|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.37.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.37.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.37.s.3|13|1|550|alpino_lc|590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.37.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.38.s.1|17|1|630|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.38.s.2|12|1|710|alpino_lc|929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.39.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.39.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.39.s.3|13|1|550|alpino_lc|590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.39.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.40.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.41.s.1|19|1|580|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.41.s.2|17|1|2710|alpino_lc|1948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.3|41|1|3800|alpino_lc|715
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.4|11|1|1590|alpino_lc|1515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.5|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.6|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.7|11|1|400|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.8|9|1|180|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.9|11|1|690|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.10|9|1|190|alpino_lc|306
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.11|12|1|670|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.12|20|1|630|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.13|6|1|140|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.14|21|1|1130|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.15|5|1|90|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.16|9|1|310|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.17|23|1|890|alpino_lc|352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.18|6|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.19|12|1|260|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000022.p.42.s.20|22|1|450|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.1.s.1|23|1|1470|alpino_lc|1121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.2|19|1|870|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.4|19|1|10620|alpino_lc|12253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.5|22|1|1300|alpino_lc|700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.6|19|1|520|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.3.s.7|9|1|330|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.1|16|1|360|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.2|11|1|620|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.3|26|1|690|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.4|12|1|890|alpino_lc|655
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.5|12|1|250|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.6|10|1|550|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.7|18|1|880|alpino_lc|350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.8|9|1|220|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.9|14|1|470|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.10|6|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.11|13|1|270|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.4.s.12|10|1|330|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.5.s.1|21|1|980|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.5.s.2|8|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.1|22|1|350|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.3|10|1|440|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.4|13|1|390|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.5|7|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.6|9|1|200|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.7|13|1|240|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.6.s.8|16|1|4840|alpino_lc|4431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.7.s.1|24|1|1830|alpino_lc|966
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.7.s.2|18|1|690|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.7.s.3|14|1|760|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.7.s.4|19|1|3530|alpino_lc|1296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.8.s.1|11|1|400|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.8.s.2|15|1|1210|alpino_lc|994
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.8.s.3|29|1|3560|alpino_lc|1223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.8.s.4|16|1|750|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.2|17|1|930|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.4|7|1|220|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.5|15|1|850|alpino_lc|581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.6|11|1|560|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.7|10|1|350|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.8|8|1|140|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.9|16|1|650|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.10|14|1|240|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.11|6|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.12|22|1|1740|alpino_lc|1900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.13|9|1|540|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.14|10|1|200|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.9.s.15|16|1|510|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.10.s.1|15|1|1790|alpino_lc|1012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.10.s.2|18|1|1470|alpino_lc|815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.10.s.3|15|1|850|alpino_lc|832
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.11.s.1|16|1|310|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.12.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.13.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.13.s.2|23|1|610|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.14.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.15.s.1|24|1|5280|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.15.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.15.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.15.s.4|19|1|590|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.15.s.5|14|1|5620|alpino_lc|2204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.16.s.1|24|1|16890|alpino_lc|19413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.16.s.2|17|1|1210|alpino_lc|1123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.17.s.1|20|1|2980|alpino_lc|2201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.2|14|1|1480|alpino_lc|1288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.3|18|1|810|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.4|18|1|1540|alpino_lc|1058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.5|16|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.18.s.6|6|1|120|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.19.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.19.s.2|13|1|850|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.19.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.19.s.4|17|1|2270|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.19.s.5|8|1|230|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.20.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.20.s.2|17|1|3490|alpino_lc|3859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.20.s.3|6|1|230|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.21.s.1|24|1|850|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.21.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.21.s.3|19|1|2230|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.21.s.4|28|1|1630|alpino_lc|1533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.21.s.5|20|1|550|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.22.s.1|16|1|2640|alpino_lc|2561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.22.s.2|17|1|180|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.22.s.3|14|1|480|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.22.s.4|21|1|1510|alpino_lc|754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.23.s.1|15|1|390|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.23.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.2|35|1|8580|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.3|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|1196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.4|15|1|630|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.5|9|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.24.s.6|13|1|470|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.1|22|1|1940|alpino_lc|1662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.2|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|1820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.3|17|1|3840|alpino_lc|3749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.4|18|1|2140|alpino_lc|1349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.5|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.25.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.26.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.26.s.2|21|1|4190|alpino_lc|2097
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.27.s.1|18|1|2560|alpino_lc|1237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.27.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.27.s.3|12|1|2990|alpino_lc|2172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.28.s.1|11|1|1240|alpino_lc|639
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.29.s.1|9|1|270|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.30.s.1|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.30.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.30.s.3|15|1|580|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.30.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.30.s.5|10|1|720|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.31.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.31.s.2|14|1|1730|alpino_lc|1331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.31.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.1|22|1|1460|alpino_lc|558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.2|11|1|160|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.5|12|1|430|alpino_lc|400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.32.s.6|11|1|160|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.1|11|1|510|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.3|13|1|1670|alpino_lc|1470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.4|11|1|200|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.6|15|1|1710|alpino_lc|1436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000023.p.33.s.7|16|1|890|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.1.s.1|24|1|11530|alpino_lc|1805
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.2|11|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.4|8|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.5|6|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.2.s.6|23|1|1410|alpino_lc|817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.3.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.3.s.2|18|1|2340|alpino_lc|1300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.3.s.3|13|1|380|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.3.s.4|12|1|210|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.4.s.1|22|1|1200|alpino_lc|676
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.4.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.5.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.6.s.1|37|1|10650|alpino_lc|2348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.6.s.2|27|1|4940|alpino_lc|4390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.7.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.7.s.2|30|1|9180|alpino_lc|8447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.7.s.3|15|1|370|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.8.s.1|13|1|150|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.8.s.2|13|1|390|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.8.s.3|12|1|330|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.8.s.4|14|1|390|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.9.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.9.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.10.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.10.s.2|22|1|10750|alpino_lc|6375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.10.s.3|17|1|640|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.11.s.1|15|1|1620|alpino_lc|1169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.11.s.2|27|1|930|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.11.s.3|15|1|1530|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.11.s.4|13|1|900|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.11.s.5|24|1|3260|alpino_lc|1709
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.12.s.1|11|1|840|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.12.s.2|15|1|740|alpino_lc|751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.13.s.1|20|1|810|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.13.s.2|14|1|490|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.13.s.3|8|1|390|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.14.s.1|14|1|200|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.15.s.1|19|1|2490|alpino_lc|1246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.15.s.2|24|1|5010|alpino_lc|1293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.2|23|1|4880|alpino_lc|1335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.4|11|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.5|21|1|12920|alpino_lc|13223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.6|14|1|1660|alpino_lc|1368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.16.s.7|37|1|42650|alpino_lc|3735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.17.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.18.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.18.s.2|11|1|280|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.18.s.3|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.19.s.1|12|1|730|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.19.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.19.s.3|14|1|470|alpino_lc|657
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.19.s.4|17|1|5440|alpino_lc|2352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.19.s.5|8|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000024.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.1.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.2.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.3.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.1|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|827
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.4|27|1|12460|alpino_lc|6681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.5|23|1|1710|alpino_lc|1941
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.6|15|1|890|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.5.s.7|19|1|560|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.3|15|1|570|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.5|30|1|4740|alpino_lc|1598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.6|22|1|2500|alpino_lc|2104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.7|16|1|580|alpino_lc|438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.8|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.9|15|1|290|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.10|14|1|1250|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.11|10|1|210|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.6.s.12|5|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.7.s.1|13|1|560|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.7.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.8.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.9.s.1|21|1|1320|alpino_lc|1540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.10.s.1|19|1|570|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.10.s.2|11|1|710|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.3|14|1|2520|alpino_lc|1742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.4|14|1|1750|alpino_lc|1564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.6|16|1|460|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.11.s.7|18|1|950|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.12.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.12.s.2|9|1|860|alpino_lc|707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.12.s.3|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.12.s.4|15|1|550|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.12.s.5|14|1|840|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.1|13|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.2|12|1|630|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.3|18|1|260|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.4|14|1|360|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.5|28|1|1710|alpino_lc|839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.6|23|1|12580|alpino_lc|5983
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.7|27|1|8450|alpino_lc|7584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.8|10|1|290|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.9|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.10|25|1|1770|alpino_lc|1565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.13.s.11|13|1|220|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.14.s.1|20|1|2520|alpino_lc|2440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.14.s.2|12|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.14.s.3|13|1|1620|alpino_lc|1350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.14.s.4|20|1|720|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.14.s.5|8|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.15.s.1|37|1|4750|alpino_lc|823
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.16.s.1|22|1|650|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.16.s.2|14|1|1110|alpino_lc|1880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.16.s.3|11|1|340|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.16.s.4|12|1|410|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.17.s.1|12|1|510|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.18.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.2|21|1|390|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.4|24|1|4210|alpino_lc|3563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.5|25|1|9540|alpino_lc|2554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.19.s.6|12|1|260|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.2|13|1|980|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.3|13|1|680|alpino_lc|615
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.4|16|1|900|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.6|12|1|830|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.20.s.7|19|1|460|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.21.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.21.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.21.s.3|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.21.s.4|19|1|1890|alpino_lc|752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.21.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.2|15|1|1080|alpino_lc|733
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.3|17|1|400|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.4|10|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.5|14|1|710|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.22.s.6|18|1|2210|alpino_lc|988
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.23.s.1|22|1|500|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.23.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.23.s.3|20|1|11910|alpino_lc|5890
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.23.s.4|15|1|510|alpino_lc|601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.24.s.1|12|1|570|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.25.s.1|21|1|2250|alpino_lc|562
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.26.s.1|16|1|200|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.26.s.2|15|1|1510|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.26.s.3|8|1|430|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.27.s.1|18|1|730|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.27.s.2|17|1|790|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.28.s.1|19|1|830|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.28.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.2|9|1|410|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.4|20|1|420|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.5|19|1|2180|alpino_lc|1835
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.6|12|1|360|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.29.s.7|17|1|6140|alpino_lc|2674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.30.s.1|30|1|16270|alpino_lc|1471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.30.s.2|21|1|1020|alpino_lc|945
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.31.s.1|20|1|770|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.31.s.2|16|1|380|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.32.s.1|19|1|410|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.33.s.1|18|1|11880|alpino_lc|6103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.33.s.2|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|2107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.33.s.3|14|1|460|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.34.s.1|24|1|730|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.35.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.36.s.1|22|1|590|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.37.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.37.s.2|17|1|470|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.37.s.3|34|1|6220|alpino_lc|4831
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.37.s.4|8|1|230|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.37.s.5|14|1|260|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.1|18|1|5260|alpino_lc|4810
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.5|17|1|480|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.6|12|1|540|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.7|15|1|140|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.8|8|1|260|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.9|14|1|320|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.10|10|1|370|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.11|14|1|500|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.12|23|1|590|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.13|16|1|200|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.14|11|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.15|14|1|440|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.16|15|1|230|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.17|7|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.18|18|1|410|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.38.s.19|23|1|4030|alpino_lc|1541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.1|18|1|640|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.4|7|1|310|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.5|12|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.6|15|1|1280|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.39.s.7|20|1|2820|alpino_lc|2050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.2|49|1|5180|alpino_lc|1526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.3|17|1|610|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.4|20|1|950|alpino_lc|792
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.6|16|1|1240|alpino_lc|1259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.7|4|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.8|13|1|280|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.40.s.9|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.41.s.1|21|1|550|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.41.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.42.s.1|14|1|190|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.1|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|1024
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.2|26|1|620|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.3|25|1|3680|alpino_lc|2146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.4|18|1|450|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.5|7|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.43.s.6|15|1|960|alpino_lc|825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000025.p.44.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.1.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.2.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.3.s.1|9|1|820|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.1|24|1|720|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.2|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.4|13|1|560|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.5|14|1|2070|alpino_lc|769
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.6|9|1|380|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.5.s.7|8|1|300|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.6.s.1|20|1|13700|alpino_lc|5424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.6.s.2|15|1|510|alpino_lc|629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.6.s.3|14|1|3700|alpino_lc|931
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.7.s.1|13|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.7.s.2|13|1|440|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.7.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.7.s.4|12|1|290|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.8.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.9.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.9.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.9.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.10.s.1|22|1|3740|alpino_lc|2255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.11.s.1|4|1|140|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.12.s.1|10|1|1200|alpino_lc|914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.13.s.1|8|1|620|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.14.s.1|19|1|420|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.15.s.1|19|1|1790|alpino_lc|742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.16.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.17.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.18.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.19.s.1|14|1|1860|alpino_lc|4154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.20.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.2|21|1|730|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.4|8|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.5|10|1|370|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.6|9|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.21.s.7|9|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.1|10|1|420|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.5|5|1|80|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.22.s.6|7|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.23.s.1|18|1|1300|alpino_lc|860
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.23.s.2|13|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.23.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.23.s.4|9|1|170|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.23.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.24.s.1|14|1|3690|alpino_lc|3150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.24.s.2|15|1|870|alpino_lc|1025
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.24.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.24.s.4|14|1|400|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.24.s.5|18|1|7150|alpino_lc|3230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.25.s.1|21|1|1110|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.25.s.2|9|1|380|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.25.s.3|19|1|1350|alpino_lc|863
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.25.s.4|13|1|410|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.1|10|1|420|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.3|18|1|390|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.4|15|1|420|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.5|12|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.6|7|1|130|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.8|8|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.9|11|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.26.s.10|11|1|330|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.27.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.27.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.27.s.3|8|1|200|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.27.s.4|18|1|390|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.28.s.1|35|1|6050|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.2|11|1|460|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.4|14|1|580|alpino_lc|408
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.29.s.6|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.30.s.1|15|1|3050|alpino_lc|2444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.30.s.2|24|1|1210|alpino_lc|1168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.30.s.3|14|1|2230|alpino_lc|1861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.30.s.4|10|1|500|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.30.s.5|18|1|610|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.31.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.31.s.2|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.31.s.3|16|1|410|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.32.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.33.s.1|18|1|580|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.33.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.33.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.34.s.1|13|1|280|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.35.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.36.s.1|23|1|1930|alpino_lc|726
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.37.s.1|24|1|5400|alpino_lc|3524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.38.s.1|15|1|1350|alpino_lc|1828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.39.s.1|12|1|880|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.40.s.1|6|1|190|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.40.s.2|9|1|280|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.40.s.3|12|1|470|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.41.s.1|17|1|4530|alpino_lc|5755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.41.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.41.s.3|16|1|920|alpino_lc|693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.42.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.42.s.2|14|1|370|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.43.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.43.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.43.s.3|18|1|690|alpino_lc|856
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.44.s.1|19|1|1570|alpino_lc|1235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.44.s.2|16|1|180|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.45.s.1|14|1|770|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.45.s.2|16|1|850|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.45.s.3|17|1|2320|alpino_lc|1786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.45.s.4|19|1|1790|alpino_lc|977
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.45.s.5|13|1|890|alpino_lc|712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.3|7|1|180|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.4|23|1|7890|alpino_lc|11948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.5|16|1|1440|alpino_lc|957
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.46.s.6|22|1|530|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.47.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.47.s.2|8|1|340|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.48.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.48.s.2|9|1|370|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.48.s.3|13|1|620|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.49.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.49.s.2|13|1|1750|alpino_lc|1258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.49.s.3|16|1|390|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.50.s.1|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.50.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.51.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.51.s.2|10|1|380|alpino_lc|668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.52.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.53.s.1|29|1|7640|alpino_lc|2496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.54.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.55.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.56.s.1|17|1|800|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.56.s.2|22|1|4020|alpino_lc|2315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.56.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000026.p.57.s.1|17|1|440|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.1.s.1|20|1|670|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.2.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.3.s.2|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.3|17|1|320|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.4|10|1|550|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.5|9|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.6|18|1|680|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.7|23|1|2100|alpino_lc|1205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.8|10|1|300|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.9|16|1|360|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.10|11|1|220|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.11|10|1|490|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.12|27|1|1070|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.4.s.13|18|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.5.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.6.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.7.s.1|26|1|1160|alpino_lc|744
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.7.s.2|16|1|860|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.7.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.1|29|1|860|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.3|11|1|290|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.4|22|1|1880|alpino_lc|658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.5|18|1|1530|alpino_lc|640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.6|11|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.7|13|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.8|13|1|320|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.9|7|1|80|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.10|19|1|500|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.11|6|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.8.s.12|15|1|630|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.9.s.1|20|1|440|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.9.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.10.s.1|14|1|790|alpino_lc|947
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.11.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.11.s.2|6|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.12.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.13.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.14.s.1|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.14.s.2|7|1|450|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.15.s.1|17|1|560|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.15.s.2|16|1|620|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.15.s.3|19|1|2850|alpino_lc|1988
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.15.s.4|26|1|1110|alpino_lc|1089
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.16.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.16.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.16.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.16.s.4|16|1|300|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.16.s.5|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.1|12|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.3|18|1|2210|alpino_lc|616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.4|16|1|2120|alpino_lc|1239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.5|17|1|1540|alpino_lc|633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.6|12|1|1050|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.17.s.7|13|1|290|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.2|10|1|740|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.3|7|1|230|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.4|11|1|920|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.5|8|1|240|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.6|12|1|300|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.7|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.8|10|1|320|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.9|11|1|360|alpino_lc|303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.10|12|1|170|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.18.s.11|5|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.1|14|1|590|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.2|13|1|1340|alpino_lc|1518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.3|15|1|430|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.4|14|1|840|alpino_lc|923
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.5|8|1|220|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.19.s.7|25|1|4570|alpino_lc|5920
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.20.s.1|16|1|700|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.20.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.21.s.1|8|1|680|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.21.s.2|16|1|350|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.22.s.1|13|1|430|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.23.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.24.s.1|32|1|3300|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.25.s.1|20|1|11330|alpino_lc|8752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.25.s.2|19|1|5520|alpino_lc|3927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.25.s.3|15|1|330|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.25.s.4|15|1|280|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.1|11|1|400|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.4|15|1|740|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.5|10|1|160|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.26.s.6|15|1|4000|alpino_lc|2603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.1|14|1|1850|alpino_lc|908
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.2|10|1|310|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.3|17|1|410|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.5|11|1|130|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.27.s.6|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.28.s.1|13|1|680|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.28.s.2|20|1|670|alpino_lc|572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.28.s.3|14|1|580|alpino_lc|456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.28.s.4|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.1|16|1|700|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.2|10|1|430|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.3|15|1|440|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.4|7|1|460|alpino_lc|563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.5|21|1|940|alpino_lc|618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.29.s.6|12|1|780|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.30.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.31.s.1|22|1|1760|alpino_lc|884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.31.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.31.s.3|30|1|6690|alpino_lc|3342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.1|12|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.3|8|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.4|18|1|310|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.5|18|1|350|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.6|14|1|1640|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.32.s.7|17|1|1480|alpino_lc|455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.33.s.1|15|1|430|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.33.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.33.s.3|33|1|1450|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.34.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.34.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.34.s.3|16|1|630|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.34.s.4|16|1|1600|alpino_lc|1464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.34.s.5|15|1|850|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.35.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.36.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.37.s.1|13|1|730|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.38.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.39.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.40.s.1|15|1|930|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.41.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000027.p.42.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.1.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.2.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.3.s.1|13|1|530|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.5.s.1|18|1|1050|alpino_lc|853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.5.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.5.s.3|11|1|340|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.5.s.4|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.6.s.1|19|1|760|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.6.s.2|17|1|1570|alpino_lc|1118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.6.s.3|17|1|910|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.7.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.7.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.8.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.8.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.9.s.1|16|1|930|alpino_lc|1630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.9.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.9.s.3|5|1|290|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.9.s.4|7|1|560|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.9.s.5|12|1|230|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.10.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.10.s.2|33|1|2110|alpino_lc|1185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.11.s.1|20|1|1120|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.11.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.11.s.3|13|1|590|alpino_lc|690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.11.s.4|13|1|2180|alpino_lc|1634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.12.s.1|32|1|1600|alpino_lc|1925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.13.s.1|13|1|1770|alpino_lc|948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.13.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.14.s.1|30|1|3600|alpino_lc|1787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.1|23|1|890|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.3|55|1|3350|alpino_lc|1698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.5|15|1|540|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.15.s.6|6|1|250|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.16.s.1|18|1|640|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.16.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.16.s.3|26|1|8660|alpino_lc|8284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.16.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.16.s.5|11|1|310|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.1|15|1|3340|alpino_lc|1842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.2|8|1|340|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.4|17|1|790|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.5|10|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.6|22|1|480|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.17.s.7|8|1|180|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.18.s.1|16|1|440|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.18.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.18.s.3|30|1|14810|alpino_lc|4891
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.18.s.4|21|1|2910|alpino_lc|3264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.19.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.20.s.1|35|1|9660|alpino_lc|2397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.20.s.2|11|1|520|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.20.s.3|24|1|630|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.20.s.4|13|1|390|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.20.s.5|16|1|450|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.21.s.1|11|1|1080|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.21.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.22.s.1|15|1|2600|alpino_lc|1706
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.22.s.2|17|1|4740|alpino_lc|4924
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.22.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.22.s.4|11|1|500|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.22.s.5|21|1|1670|alpino_lc|1390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.1|19|1|1750|alpino_lc|709
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.2|15|1|450|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.3|17|1|990|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.5|10|1|230|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.23.s.6|12|1|270|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.24.s.1|13|1|480|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.24.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.25.s.1|19|1|660|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.25.s.2|19|1|530|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.25.s.3|11|1|1530|alpino_lc|1537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.25.s.4|22|1|1840|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.25.s.5|15|1|430|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.26.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.27.s.1|20|1|3600|alpino_lc|2433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.27.s.2|12|1|900|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.27.s.3|15|1|650|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.27.s.4|18|1|370|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.28.s.1|26|1|2850|alpino_lc|2148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.28.s.2|12|1|320|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.28.s.3|15|1|310|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.28.s.4|24|1|2190|alpino_lc|1049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.29.s.1|12|1|310|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.30.s.1|20|1|2170|alpino_lc|1240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.30.s.2|17|1|5210|alpino_lc|2822
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.30.s.3|15|1|470|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.30.s.4|15|1|550|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.30.s.5|5|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.1|15|1|1200|alpino_lc|952
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.3|17|1|730|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.4|13|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.5|9|1|230|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.6|6|1|100|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.7|10|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.8|13|1|420|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.9|12|1|340|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.10|12|1|500|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.11|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|1022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.12|10|1|360|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.31.s.13|8|1|90|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.32.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.32.s.2|22|1|7700|alpino_lc|1862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.32.s.3|7|1|230|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.32.s.4|13|1|1550|alpino_lc|932
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.32.s.5|16|1|300|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.1|20|1|1380|alpino_lc|1050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.2|40|1|69710|alpino_lc|1631
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.3|27|1|1400|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.4|19|1|520|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.5|14|1|320|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.6|31|1|5760|alpino_lc|3914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.33.s.7|12|1|480|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.34.s.1|26|1|50200|alpino_lc|13757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.34.s.2|4|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.34.s.3|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|1104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.34.s.4|13|1|420|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.35.s.1|21|1|1180|alpino_lc|643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.35.s.2|14|1|550|alpino_lc|785
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.35.s.3|11|1|660|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.35.s.4|30|1|102590|alpino_lc|53346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.36.s.1|21|1|580|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.36.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.36.s.3|17|1|2000|alpino_lc|938
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.36.s.4|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.36.s.5|19|1|640|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.37.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.37.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.37.s.3|14|1|330|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.37.s.4|21|1|930|alpino_lc|1098
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.37.s.5|13|1|190|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.4|8|1|250|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.5|5|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.38.s.6|16|1|470|alpino_lc|400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.39.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.39.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.40.s.1|20|1|830|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.40.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.41.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.1|13|1|470|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.3|19|1|6870|alpino_lc|4205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.4|14|1|680|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.6|15|1|250|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.7|12|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.42.s.8|14|1|950|alpino_lc|1136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.43.s.1|15|1|810|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.43.s.2|15|1|440|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.43.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.43.s.4|5|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.44.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.45.s.1|14|1|950|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.46.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.47.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000028.p.48.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.1.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.2.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.3.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.1|23|1|4270|alpino_lc|3430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.2|17|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.3|23|1|1190|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.5|16|1|8180|alpino_lc|4019
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.5.s.6|14|1|380|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.6.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.6.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.6.s.3|11|1|360|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.6.s.4|29|1|610|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.7.s.1|17|1|470|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.7.s.2|19|1|1390|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.7.s.3|12|1|620|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.7.s.4|16|1|600|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.8.s.1|17|1|1510|alpino_lc|1139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.8.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.9.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.10.s.1|20|1|1390|alpino_lc|1472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.10.s.2|21|1|3580|alpino_lc|3795
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.10.s.3|17|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.10.s.4|15|1|1800|alpino_lc|1959
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.10.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.11.s.1|12|1|380|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.11.s.2|21|1|21000|alpino_lc|5548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.11.s.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.11.s.4|18|1|310|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.12.s.1|11|1|430|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.12.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.13.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.13.s.2|20|1|2160|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.13.s.3|23|1|2480|alpino_lc|1345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.13.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.14.s.1|20|1|1710|alpino_lc|1599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.14.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.14.s.3|14|1|310|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.14.s.4|12|1|660|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.3|19|1|710|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.5|19|1|780|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.15.s.6|13|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.16.s.1|11|1|770|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.16.s.2|17|1|390|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.16.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.16.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.17.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.17.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.17.s.3|20|1|1180|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.2|14|1|2120|alpino_lc|1817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.5|12|1|220|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.6|7|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.18.s.7|14|1|2610|alpino_lc|2180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.2|6|1|340|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.3|15|1|220|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.4|13|1|650|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.5|13|1|250|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.19.s.6|12|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.20.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.21.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.22.s.1|20|1|560|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.22.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.23.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.23.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.23.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.23.s.4|10|1|230|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.23.s.5|8|1|400|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.4|25|1|6090|alpino_lc|2307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.5|15|1|1510|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.24.s.6|21|1|700|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.25.s.1|39|1|950|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.25.s.2|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|1111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.25.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.25.s.4|22|1|2330|alpino_lc|1132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.26.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.26.s.2|19|1|510|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.26.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.4|18|1|510|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.5|9|1|430|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.6|22|1|2220|alpino_lc|1572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.27.s.7|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.28.s.1|8|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.29.s.1|15|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.29.s.2|14|1|2920|alpino_lc|2177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.29.s.3|16|1|810|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.30.s.1|44|1|7220|alpino_lc|3466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.30.s.2|20|1|5680|alpino_lc|2859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.30.s.3|20|1|2380|alpino_lc|4091
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.30.s.4|17|1|500|alpino_lc|378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.1|17|1|400|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.2|21|1|800|alpino_lc|745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.3|19|1|4670|alpino_lc|2887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.4|12|1|1290|alpino_lc|705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.5|30|1|7630|alpino_lc|6079
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.6|21|1|1240|alpino_lc|786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.7|25|1|1250|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.31.s.8|27|1|810|alpino_lc|654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.32.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.32.s.2|33|1|2560|alpino_lc|1655
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.1|13|1|260|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.2|23|1|2120|alpino_lc|1212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.3|12|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.4|15|1|680|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.5|15|1|560|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.33.s.6|8|1|180|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.34.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.35.s.1|22|1|3850|alpino_lc|4119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.35.s.2|29|1|2910|alpino_lc|1061
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.35.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.35.s.4|27|1|11580|alpino_lc|3434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.35.s.5|10|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.2|15|1|480|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.4|12|1|390|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.5|12|1|1540|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.6|10|1|460|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.7|8|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.8|10|1|180|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.9|15|1|260|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.10|13|1|400|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.36.s.11|12|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.37.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.37.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.37.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.37.s.4|16|1|590|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.38.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.39.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.40.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.41.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.42.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000030.p.43.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.1.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.1.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.2.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.2.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.3.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.4.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.4.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.5.s.1|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.6.s.1|8|1|660|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.7.s.1|17|1|9120|alpino_lc|8056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.8.s.1|7|1|290|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.9.s.1|22|1|14260|alpino_lc|2929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.10.s.1|22|1|5810|alpino_lc|6108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.10.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.10.s.3|25|1|3130|alpino_lc|536
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.11.s.1|31|1|12000|alpino_lc|12753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.12.s.1|22|1|6950|alpino_lc|2775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.12.s.2|16|1|2100|alpino_lc|1851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.12.s.3|17|1|4990|alpino_lc|3839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.12.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.12.s.5|19|1|2560|alpino_lc|1083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.13.s.1|16|1|590|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.14.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.15.s.1|18|1|200|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.16.s.1|11|1|380|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.17.s.1|17|1|200|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.2|8|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.3|12|1|560|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.4|17|1|520|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.5|13|1|130|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.6|16|1|340|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.7|10|1|310|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.8|14|1|1020|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.9|12|1|280|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.18.s.10|12|1|330|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.19.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.20.s.1|21|1|890|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.1|21|1|500|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.2|21|1|2870|alpino_lc|1045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.3|26|1|1870|alpino_lc|1586
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.4|24|1|2000|alpino_lc|3075
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.5|16|1|710|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.21.s.6|28|1|13380|alpino_lc|2755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.22.s.1|9|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.23.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.24.s.1|17|1|480|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.25.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.26.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.26.s.2|22|1|970|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.26.s.3|6|1|290|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.26.s.4|11|1|250|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.26.s.5|12|1|510|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.27.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.27.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.27.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.28.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.28.s.2|10|1|510|alpino_lc|527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.29.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.30.s.1|16|1|1190|alpino_lc|855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.2|20|1|760|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.4|30|1|4710|alpino_lc|1778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.5|13|1|280|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.31.s.6|11|1|510|alpino_lc|449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.32.s.1|14|1|2450|alpino_lc|747
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.33.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.34.s.1|15|1|1290|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.35.s.1|8|1|230|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.36.s.1|16|1|1510|alpino_lc|1067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.37.s.1|14|1|630|alpino_lc|558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.38.s.1|6|1|160|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.39.s.1|22|1|770|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.39.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.40.s.1|10|1|1010|alpino_lc|1068
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.40.s.2|17|1|610|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.41.s.1|14|1|1110|alpino_lc|703
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.41.s.2|18|1|1620|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.42.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.43.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.44.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.45.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.46.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.47.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.48.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000031.p.49.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.1.s.1|10|1|690|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.2.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.3.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.5.s.1|22|1|4280|alpino_lc|1867
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.6.s.1|13|1|570|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.7.s.1|24|1|490|alpino_lc|400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.8.s.1|19|1|3400|alpino_lc|4152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.9.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.9.s.2|18|1|690|alpino_lc|798
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.1|23|1|770|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.2|19|1|320|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.3|13|1|550|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.4|21|1|6830|alpino_lc|2825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.5|8|1|200|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.10.s.6|20|1|1350|alpino_lc|703
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.11.s.1|15|1|500|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.11.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.12.s.1|14|1|1690|alpino_lc|962
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.12.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.12.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.13.s.1|22|1|6430|alpino_lc|4373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.14.s.1|17|1|860|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.14.s.2|22|1|1760|alpino_lc|1662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.14.s.3|31|1|9530|alpino_lc|7488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.14.s.4|15|1|260|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.14.s.5|19|1|610|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.15.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.15.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.16.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.17.s.1|11|1|430|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.17.s.2|18|1|830|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.17.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.17.s.4|10|1|440|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.17.s.5|27|1|3620|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.18.s.1|11|1|570|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.19.s.1|22|1|1360|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.20.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.21.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.22.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.23.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.24.s.1|29|1|13050|alpino_lc|2177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.24.s.2|19|1|460|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.24.s.3|22|1|510|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.24.s.4|18|1|900|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.25.s.1|5|1|160|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.26.s.1|16|1|260|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.26.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.26.s.3|27|1|670|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.27.s.1|16|1|770|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.27.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.27.s.3|28|1|3640|alpino_lc|2344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.28.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.28.s.2|13|1|470|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.29.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.2|21|1|2320|alpino_lc|1176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.3|14|1|1910|alpino_lc|1283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.4|13|1|800|alpino_lc|516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.5|14|1|1450|alpino_lc|1256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.30.s.6|11|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.31.s.1|34|1|9480|alpino_lc|8512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.31.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.31.s.3|16|1|300|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.32.s.1|20|1|920|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.33.s.1|20|1|620|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.33.s.2|20|1|5690|alpino_lc|2169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.33.s.3|22|1|710|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.33.s.4|11|1|420|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.34.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.34.s.2|15|1|850|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.34.s.3|25|1|1040|alpino_lc|591
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.34.s.4|11|1|600|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.34.s.5|9|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.35.s.1|16|1|7070|alpino_lc|14225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.35.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.36.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.36.s.2|10|1|940|alpino_lc|1134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.36.s.3|15|1|1120|alpino_lc|594
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.37.s.1|25|1|1390|alpino_lc|596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.37.s.2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.37.s.3|25|1|8760|alpino_lc|5861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.38.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.38.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.39.s.1|25|1|750|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.40.s.1|18|1|820|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.41.s.1|21|1|1820|alpino_lc|2056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.42.s.1|17|1|230|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.43.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.44.s.1|16|1|6460|alpino_lc|4330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.1|16|1|720|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.2|13|1|440|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.3|29|1|3250|alpino_lc|1436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.4|10|1|540|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.5|10|1|800|alpino_lc|574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.6|26|1|1440|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.7|15|1|1020|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.8|41|1|158900|alpino_lc|5334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.9|12|1|360|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.45.s.10|27|1|950|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.46.s.1|21|1|910|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.46.s.2|17|1|10000|alpino_lc|3875
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.46.s.3|24|1|700|alpino_lc|501
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.46.s.4|18|1|390|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.46.s.5|14|1|340|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.47.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.47.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.47.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.47.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.47.s.5|17|1|490|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.1|23|1|1290|alpino_lc|933
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.2|15|1|740|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.3|16|1|2930|alpino_lc|2222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.4|6|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.5|7|1|100|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.6|15|1|460|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.7|11|1|540|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.8|15|1|1100|alpino_lc|1096
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.9|10|1|200|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.10|15|1|1000|alpino_lc|1236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.11|27|1|950|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.12|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|1110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.48.s.13|10|1|560|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.49.s.1|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.49.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.50.s.1|31|1|6650|alpino_lc|5412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.50.s.2|13|1|510|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.51.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.52.s.1|21|1|2910|alpino_lc|3755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.52.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.53.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.54.s.1|14|1|940|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.55.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.56.s.1|32|1|3490|alpino_lc|1404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.56.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.56.s.3|25|1|8560|alpino_lc|5861
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.56.s.4|27|1|650|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.57.s.1|16|1|960|alpino_lc|844
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.57.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.57.s.3|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.57.s.4|11|1|460|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000032.p.57.s.5|13|1|220|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.1.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.2.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.3.s.1|6|1|130|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.2|27|1|17560|alpino_lc|11242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.3|18|1|2050|alpino_lc|1775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.4|11|1|150|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.5|13|1|1430|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.5.s.6|8|1|170|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.3|21|1|760|alpino_lc|739
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.4|13|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.5|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.6|11|1|350|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.7|13|1|1080|alpino_lc|686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.8|22|1|560|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.9|8|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.10|9|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.11|16|1|560|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.12|7|1|90|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.6.s.13|7|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.7.s.1|15|1|830|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.7.s.2|10|1|450|alpino_lc|779
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.8.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.8.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.8.s.3|12|1|460|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.9.s.1|7|1|680|alpino_lc|711
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.10.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.11.s.1|21|1|1980|alpino_lc|1189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.11.s.2|24|1|5110|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.12.s.1|15|1|450|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.13.s.1|18|1|970|alpino_lc|1168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.13.s.2|18|1|670|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.13.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.14.s.1|23|1|8360|alpino_lc|5990
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.14.s.2|16|1|7090|alpino_lc|2749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.14.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.15.s.1|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|708
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.15.s.2|22|1|5980|alpino_lc|5373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.15.s.3|10|1|640|alpino_lc|535
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.16.s.1|25|1|2140|alpino_lc|743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.16.s.2|22|1|18550|alpino_lc|29333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.17.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.17.s.2|10|1|370|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.17.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.17.s.4|25|1|1640|alpino_lc|1330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.18.s.1|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.18.s.2|20|1|500|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.18.s.3|15|1|260|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.18.s.4|14|1|200|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.18.s.5|11|1|270|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.19.s.1|27|1|1280|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.19.s.2|5|1|110|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.1|18|1|610|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.3|15|1|740|alpino_lc|571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.4|18|1|3170|alpino_lc|1966
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.5|11|1|340|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.6|22|1|13370|alpino_lc|6044
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.7|20|1|2860|alpino_lc|1599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.8|7|1|140|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.9|14|1|490|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.10|9|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.11|10|1|640|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.12|6|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.20.s.13|18|1|550|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.21.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.22.s.1|19|1|340|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.22.s.2|13|1|970|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.23.s.1|13|1|340|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.23.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.23.s.3|14|1|170|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.1|22|1|2140|alpino_lc|776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.2|12|1|790|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.5|7|1|260|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.24.s.6|13|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.25.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.25.s.2|15|1|280|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.25.s.3|20|1|900|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.25.s.4|22|1|10180|alpino_lc|1775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.1|14|1|1480|alpino_lc|1510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.3|16|1|990|alpino_lc|300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.4|12|1|1310|alpino_lc|755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.5|11|1|570|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.6|17|1|580|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.7|12|1|420|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.26.s.8|9|1|610|alpino_lc|540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.27.s.1|23|1|1590|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.27.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.27.s.3|21|1|5070|alpino_lc|3723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.27.s.4|15|1|210|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.28.s.1|18|1|3610|alpino_lc|2558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.29.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.30.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.30.s.2|7|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.30.s.3|23|1|1010|alpino_lc|885
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.31.s.1|16|1|2000|alpino_lc|1588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.31.s.2|10|1|340|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.31.s.3|16|1|1460|alpino_lc|899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.31.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.32.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.32.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.32.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.33.s.1|18|1|1390|alpino_lc|1475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.33.s.2|15|1|460|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.33.s.3|10|1|280|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.1|38|1|9950|alpino_lc|3007
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.2|28|1|12580|alpino_lc|5566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.3|18|1|29150|alpino_lc|18905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.4|17|1|980|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.5|20|1|340|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.7|24|1|700|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.8|8|1|170|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.9|30|1|840|alpino_lc|601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.34.s.10|21|1|9660|alpino_lc|10488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.35.s.1|16|1|200|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.35.s.2|19|1|670|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.1|20|1|540|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.2|45|1|4580|alpino_lc|1481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.3|17|1|420|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.4|28|1|4390|alpino_lc|840
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.36.s.6|14|1|600|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.37.s.1|23|1|4660|alpino_lc|3273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.37.s.2|19|1|2110|alpino_lc|2221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.37.s.3|20|1|1890|alpino_lc|1258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.37.s.4|9|1|250|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.2|16|1|710|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.3|8|1|130|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.4|16|1|390|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.5|12|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.6|7|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.7|19|1|1510|alpino_lc|1226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.8|6|1|110|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.9|12|1|750|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.10|5|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.11|9|1|190|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.38.s.12|22|1|1100|alpino_lc|733
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.39.s.1|14|1|3600|alpino_lc|1459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.39.s.2|27|1|1300|alpino_lc|607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.39.s.3|9|1|240|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.39.s.4|11|1|400|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.39.s.5|23|1|2330|alpino_lc|911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.40.s.1|23|1|2070|alpino_lc|1368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.40.s.2|21|1|530|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.40.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.41.s.1|15|1|550|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.41.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.41.s.3|12|1|140|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.42.s.1|11|1|270|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.42.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.42.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.43.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.44.s.1|13|1|740|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.45.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.46.s.1|15|1|720|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.47.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000033.p.48.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.1.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.2.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.3.s.1|7|1|370|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.3|24|1|5620|alpino_lc|1208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.4|45|1|34000|alpino_lc|16360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.5|18|1|2550|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.4.s.6|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.5.s.1|14|1|3270|alpino_lc|1580
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.5.s.2|16|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.5.s.3|16|1|880|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.6.s.1|18|1|750|alpino_lc|1162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.7.s.1|19|1|420|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.8.s.1|30|1|7090|alpino_lc|2775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.10.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.11.s.1|19|1|97520|alpino_lc|13072
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.12.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.13.s.1|28|1|1570|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.13.s.2|14|1|1250|alpino_lc|1105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.13.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.14.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.14.s.2|24|1|3030|alpino_lc|1764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.14.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.14.s.4|8|1|360|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.2|19|1|1250|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.3|15|1|920|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.4|16|1|590|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.5|18|1|1310|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.6|28|1|2700|alpino_lc|2474
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.15.s.7|22|1|400|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.16.s.1|16|1|450|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.16.s.2|16|1|800|alpino_lc|893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.16.s.3|9|1|320|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.16.s.4|15|1|260|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.17.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.17.s.2|5|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.17.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.17.s.4|13|1|1770|alpino_lc|1752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.1|12|1|440|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.4|11|1|560|alpino_lc|422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.5|22|1|1300|alpino_lc|587
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.6|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.7|19|1|400|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.8|7|1|230|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.9|19|1|400|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.18.s.10|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.19.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.20.s.1|11|1|1370|alpino_lc|869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.20.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.20.s.3|19|1|670|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.21.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.21.s.2|12|1|300|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.21.s.3|21|1|1980|alpino_lc|1554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.21.s.4|13|1|430|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.21.s.5|12|1|370|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.22.s.1|23|1|740|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.22.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.22.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.22.s.4|13|1|360|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.22.s.5|20|1|630|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.23.s.1|28|1|5020|alpino_lc|1201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.23.s.2|21|1|4460|alpino_lc|1916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.24.s.1|16|1|790|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.24.s.2|32|1|3950|alpino_lc|2642
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.1|26|1|2410|alpino_lc|2095
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.3|24|1|1250|alpino_lc|1795
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.5|17|1|330|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.25.s.6|15|1|360|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.26.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.26.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.27.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.27.s.2|28|1|2100|alpino_lc|652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.27.s.3|9|1|310|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.27.s.4|13|1|450|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.27.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.28.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.28.s.2|21|1|360|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.4|15|1|320|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.5|9|1|180|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.29.s.6|29|1|2610|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.30.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.31.s.1|32|1|2940|alpino_lc|4088
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.31.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.32.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.32.s.2|12|1|910|alpino_lc|638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.32.s.3|21|1|6460|alpino_lc|3374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.32.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.33.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.34.s.1|24|1|2740|alpino_lc|2653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.34.s.2|30|1|3770|alpino_lc|1164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.34.s.3|16|1|240|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.35.s.1|23|1|680|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.36.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.37.s.1|20|1|3550|alpino_lc|2285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.37.s.2|9|1|800|alpino_lc|595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.37.s.3|13|1|1500|alpino_lc|1400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.37.s.4|13|1|380|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.37.s.5|16|1|360|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.38.s.1|18|1|740|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.39.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.40.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.41.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.42.s.1|14|1|940|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.43.s.1|49|1|17320|alpino_lc|18053
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.44.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.45.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.46.s.1|11|1|790|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.46.s.2|12|1|1430|alpino_lc|1144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.46.s.3|22|1|640|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.46.s.4|16|1|380|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000034.p.46.s.5|16|1|380|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.1.s.1|31|1|2840|alpino_lc|1083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.2.s.1|26|1|2100|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.2.s.2|19|1|780|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.2.s.3|11|1|290|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.2.s.4|10|1|170|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.2.s.5|15|1|610|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.3|18|1|2780|alpino_lc|1358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.5|8|1|290|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.6|19|1|3840|alpino_lc|2302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.7|9|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.8|18|1|3110|alpino_lc|943
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.9|18|1|1220|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.10|8|1|260|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.11|10|1|810|alpino_lc|793
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.12|8|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.13|11|1|480|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.14|13|1|780|alpino_lc|762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.15|6|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.16|9|1|200|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.17|8|1|200|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.18|8|1|170|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.19|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.20|16|1|310|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.21|12|1|300|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.22|32|1|1210|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.23|14|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.24|17|1|1080|alpino_lc|959
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.3.s.25|19|1|890|alpino_lc|830
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.3|18|1|3520|alpino_lc|4369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.4|21|1|940|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.5|19|1|790|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.4.s.6|17|1|860|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.3|23|1|1510|alpino_lc|1692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.4|27|1|400|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.5|15|1|7990|alpino_lc|3474
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.6|20|1|680|alpino_lc|547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.7|17|1|450|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.8|15|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.9|18|1|2640|alpino_lc|3777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.10|22|1|1440|alpino_lc|897
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.5.s.11|17|1|330|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.6.s.1|18|1|760|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.6.s.2|12|1|2120|alpino_lc|1565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.6.s.3|10|1|580|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.6.s.4|12|1|360|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.6.s.5|18|1|250|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.2|8|1|380|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.4|13|1|390|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.5|12|1|670|alpino_lc|538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.6|11|1|980|alpino_lc|1329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.7|16|1|260|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.8|9|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.9|21|1|2150|alpino_lc|1782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.10|13|1|370|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.11|9|1|150|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.12|10|1|420|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.13|23|1|3270|alpino_lc|1310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.14|16|1|3680|alpino_lc|2705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.15|24|1|1030|alpino_lc|573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.7.s.16|29|1|2930|alpino_lc|1137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.8.s.1|20|1|9980|alpino_lc|8085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.8.s.2|20|1|620|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.8.s.3|13|1|520|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.8.s.4|18|1|400|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.1|19|1|1310|alpino_lc|1224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.4|33|1|2070|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.5|13|1|440|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.6|27|1|1510|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.9.s.7|20|1|320|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.10.s.1|20|1|410|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.11.s.1|26|1|3800|alpino_lc|889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.11.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.11.s.3|22|1|1850|alpino_lc|1654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.12.s.1|21|1|400|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.12.s.2|15|1|620|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.12.s.3|24|1|2870|alpino_lc|1653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.14.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.15.s.1|21|1|380|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.15.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.15.s.3|23|1|480|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.15.s.4|18|1|430|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.15.s.5|17|1|410|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.16.s.1|17|1|330|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.16.s.2|23|1|1270|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.16.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.16.s.4|12|1|200|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.17.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.17.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.17.s.3|36|1|26710|alpino_lc|6260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.1|21|1|770|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.4|15|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.5|18|1|440|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.18.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.2|15|1|880|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.3|10|1|700|alpino_lc|583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.4|15|1|220|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.5|13|1|430|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.6|10|1|290|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.19.s.7|9|1|190|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.20.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.20.s.2|23|1|1930|alpino_lc|1410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.1|16|1|7170|alpino_lc|6605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.3|17|1|630|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.5|21|1|3900|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.21.s.6|37|1|7470|alpino_lc|2213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.22.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.22.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.22.s.3|17|1|640|alpino_lc|499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.22.s.4|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|829
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.23.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.23.s.2|32|1|13770|alpino_lc|5259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.23.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.23.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.24.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.25.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.26.s.1|17|1|380|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.1|26|1|17110|alpino_lc|8802
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.2|24|1|1530|alpino_lc|1100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.3|18|1|8460|alpino_lc|4850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.4|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|1262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.5|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.6|25|1|2250|alpino_lc|2264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.27.s.8|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.28.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.29.s.1|10|1|620|alpino_lc|658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.29.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.29.s.3|9|1|280|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.30.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.30.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.30.s.3|9|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.30.s.4|8|1|240|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.30.s.5|12|1|260|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.1|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.2|15|1|580|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.3|8|1|310|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.4|17|1|500|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.5|12|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.31.s.6|22|1|2070|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.32.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.33.s.1|19|1|1770|alpino_lc|1409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000035.p.33.s.2|18|1|700|alpino_lc|983
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.1.s.1.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.1.s.1.2|9|1|180|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.1.s.1.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.2.s.1|21|1|2470|alpino_lc|1488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.2.s.2|16|1|490|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.2.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.2.s.4|15|1|720|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.2.s.5|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|1282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.3.s.1|13|1|1440|alpino_lc|868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.3.s.2|19|1|1290|alpino_lc|663
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.4.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.4.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.5.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.5.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.6.s.1|5|1|150|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.6.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.6.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.2.1|27|1|730|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.2.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.2.3|12|1|330|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.3|16|1|570|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.7.s.4|4|1|70|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.8.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.8.s.2|20|1|670|alpino_lc|645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.8.s.3|18|1|480|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.8.s.4|8|1|160|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.8.s.5|12|1|230|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.9.s.1|14|1|250|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.9.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.9.s.3|20|1|6820|alpino_lc|5211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.9.s.4|20|1|830|alpino_lc|667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.9.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.10.s.1|13|1|680|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.11.s.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.11.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.11.s.3|23|1|4220|alpino_lc|2010
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.12.s.1|15|1|740|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.13.s.1|24|1|5310|alpino_lc|4124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.13.s.2|24|1|2690|alpino_lc|896
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.1|13|1|620|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.2|9|1|360|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.3|18|1|580|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.4|18|1|280|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.5|16|1|310|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.6|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|987
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.7|26|1|4570|alpino_lc|828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.8|12|1|370|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.9|20|1|2700|alpino_lc|1762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.14.s.10|13|1|550|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.15.s.1|20|1|2150|alpino_lc|1049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.15.s.2|14|1|630|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.15.s.3|10|1|1090|alpino_lc|1289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.15.s.4|20|1|1550|alpino_lc|631
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.16.s.1|28|1|4860|alpino_lc|2377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.1|7|1|270|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.2|16|1|710|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.4|13|1|790|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.5|14|1|230|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.6|12|1|100|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.7|11|1|1310|alpino_lc|1401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.8|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.9|12|1|320|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.10|12|1|140|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.11|20|1|8930|alpino_lc|6126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.17.s.12|10|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.18.s.1|7|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.4|16|1|6740|alpino_lc|1205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.5|14|1|400|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.19.s.6|16|1|490|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.1|12|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.4|18|1|16240|alpino_lc|14732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.5|7|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.20.s.6|19|1|780|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.1|17|1|5060|alpino_lc|3177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.5|12|1|380|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.6|14|1|760|alpino_lc|506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.21.s.7|15|1|370|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.22.s.1|12|1|400|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.22.s.2|12|1|250|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.22.s.3|14|1|480|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.22.s.4|13|1|520|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.22.s.5|18|1|3300|alpino_lc|2076
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.23.s.1|24|1|4610|alpino_lc|1793
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.24.s.1|10|1|570|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.24.s.2|19|1|1370|alpino_lc|1030
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.1|11|1|890|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.2|13|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.3|13|1|450|alpino_lc|458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.4|12|1|610|alpino_lc|863
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.25.s.6|25|1|1490|alpino_lc|997
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.26.s.1|44|1|11000|alpino_lc|4694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.26.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.26.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.26.s.4|16|1|2410|alpino_lc|721
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.1|13|1|700|alpino_lc|629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.2|18|1|850|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.3|12|1|520|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.4|34|1|6680|alpino_lc|1140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.5|17|1|970|alpino_lc|960
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.6|13|1|150|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.7|12|1|590|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.8|13|1|290|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.9|25|1|790|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.10|11|1|260|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.27.s.11|18|1|540|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.28.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.1|16|1|750|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.2|16|1|430|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.3|18|1|450|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.4|18|1|440|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.5|20|1|2160|alpino_lc|1971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.6|11|1|660|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.7|18|1|560|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.29.s.8|21|1|1930|alpino_lc|959
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.30.s.1|13|1|500|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.31.s.1|23|1|660|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.2|17|1|720|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.3|17|1|360|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.5|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.6|20|1|850|alpino_lc|878
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.7|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.32.s.8|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000036.p.33.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.1.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.2.s.1|31|1|2090|alpino_lc|1234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.3.s.1|33|1|1020|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.1|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|821
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.2|17|1|530|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.3|26|1|970|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.4|12|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.5|6|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.6|14|1|530|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.7|26|1|890|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.8|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|917
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.4.s.9|27|1|1040|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.5.s.1|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.6.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.6.s.2|30|1|1210|alpino_lc|945
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.1|22|1|15360|alpino_lc|13152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.4|19|1|840|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.5|18|1|390|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.7.s.6|10|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.8.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.9.s.1|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|760
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.9.s.2|16|1|570|alpino_lc|718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.10.s.1|19|1|1580|alpino_lc|1068
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.10.s.2|10|1|280|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.11.s.1|13|1|140|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.11.s.2|12|1|270|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.11.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.12.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.12.s.2|24|1|16440|alpino_lc|10327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.1|12|1|2310|alpino_lc|1930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.3|14|1|900|alpino_lc|731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.4|25|1|3970|alpino_lc|3124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.5|7|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.6|9|1|250|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.13.s.7|13|1|280|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.14.s.1|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.14.s.2|20|1|630|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.14.s.3|22|1|11080|alpino_lc|5668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.14.s.4|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|1589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.14.s.5|19|1|770|alpino_lc|569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.15.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.16.s.1|13|1|390|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.16.s.2|11|1|360|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.16.s.3|15|1|2860|alpino_lc|3329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.16.s.4|14|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.17.s.1|6|1|220|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.18.s.1|9|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000037.p.19.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.1.s.1|32|1|2070|alpino_lc|1458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.2.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.3.s.1|18|1|5080|alpino_lc|4526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.3.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.3.s.3|7|1|250|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.4.s.1|25|1|6950|alpino_lc|3886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.5.s.1|17|1|540|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.5.s.2|13|1|660|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.2|14|1|1610|alpino_lc|1155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.3|22|1|570|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.4|15|1|730|alpino_lc|626
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.6|6|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.7|11|1|640|alpino_lc|601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.8|5|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.9|10|1|420|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.10|11|1|600|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.11|9|1|620|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.12|13|1|380|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.13|24|1|3270|alpino_lc|2510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.14|22|1|910|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.15|11|1|320|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.16|6|1|260|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.17|25|1|8510|alpino_lc|5834
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.18|16|1|1150|alpino_lc|562
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.19|16|1|440|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.20|9|1|830|alpino_lc|796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.21|10|1|600|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.22|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.23|13|1|300|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.6.s.24|20|1|2690|alpino_lc|3236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.7.s.1|21|1|1990|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.7.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.8.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.8.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.8.s.3|19|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.2|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.3|19|1|940|alpino_lc|783
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.4|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|1039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.5|12|1|180|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.6|8|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.7|48|1|560|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.9.s.8|112|1|2160|alpino_lc|2133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.10.s.1|14|1|620|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.10.s.2|17|1|5130|alpino_lc|1741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.10.s.3|22|1|710|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.10.s.4|12|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.1|5|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.2|18|1|780|alpino_lc|358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.3|14|1|200|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.4|10|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.5|12|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.6|30|1|15220|alpino_lc|7599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.7|12|1|90|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.8|17|1|450|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.9|17|1|960|alpino_lc|735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.10|17|1|1150|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.11|18|1|430|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.12|7|1|280|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.13|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.14|12|1|1280|alpino_lc|1232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.11.s.15|15|1|740|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.12.s.1|24|1|3190|alpino_lc|1342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.12.s.2|12|1|610|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.1|19|1|550|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.3|12|1|970|alpino_lc|897
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.4|10|1|400|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.6|18|1|350|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.13.s.7|18|1|720|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.14.s.1|26|1|4900|alpino_lc|4133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.15.s.1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.16.s.1|35|1|6510|alpino_lc|1593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.17.s.1|13|1|890|alpino_lc|837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.17.s.2|22|1|230|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.3|10|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.4|18|1|340|alpino_lc|446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.5|10|1|300|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.6|12|1|300|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.7|7|1|180|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.8|10|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.9|7|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.18.s.10|8|1|60|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.19.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.19.s.2|11|1|500|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.20.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.21.s.1|14|1|510|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.22.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.23.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.24.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.25.s.1|21|1|2010|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.25.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.26.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.26.s.2|9|1|210|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.26.s.3|22|1|690|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.26.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000038.p.27.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.1.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.2.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.3.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.1|19|1|660|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.2|5|1|20|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.3|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|1295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.4|11|1|580|alpino_lc|358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.5|32|1|1430|alpino_lc|942
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.5.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.6.s.1|24|1|6290|alpino_lc|4133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.6.s.2|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|2067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.7.s.1|23|1|1850|alpino_lc|707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.2|24|1|2050|alpino_lc|1809
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.3|20|1|1510|alpino_lc|876
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.5|11|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.6|13|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.8.s.7|24|1|4350|alpino_lc|1697
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.9.s.1|23|1|2170|alpino_lc|1023
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.10.s.1|14|1|660|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.11.s.1|13|1|1530|alpino_lc|847
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.11.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.11.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.1|32|1|3600|alpino_lc|1969
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.2|37|1|7770|alpino_lc|2770
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.4|17|1|910|alpino_lc|954
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.5|19|1|1810|alpino_lc|1019
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.12.s.6|35|1|6880|alpino_lc|3261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.14.s.1|9|1|390|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.14.s.2|18|1|3800|alpino_lc|1896
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.1|17|1|220|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.2|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.4|24|1|9510|alpino_lc|7678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.5|25|1|1830|alpino_lc|1779
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.15.s.6|28|1|3080|alpino_lc|2459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.16.s.1|26|1|1730|alpino_lc|1662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.16.s.2|15|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.16.s.3|21|1|520|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.16.s.4|14|1|400|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.16.s.5|28|1|1140|alpino_lc|889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.1|18|1|3020|alpino_lc|3528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.4|18|1|520|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.5|7|1|170|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.6|23|1|5880|alpino_lc|1208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.7|12|1|130|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.8|22|1|4160|alpino_lc|3154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.17.s.9|17|1|320|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.18.s.1|12|1|1010|alpino_lc|726
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.18.s.2|19|1|1310|alpino_lc|605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.18.s.3|14|1|1310|alpino_lc|662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.1|17|1|540|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.5|10|1|350|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.6|10|1|190|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.8|6|1|130|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.9|13|1|1060|alpino_lc|746
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.10|9|1|240|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.11|20|1|420|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.12|18|1|980|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.13|19|1|2260|alpino_lc|961
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.14|12|1|280|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.15|12|1|300|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.19.s.16|15|1|680|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.20.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.21.s.1|18|1|940|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.22.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.22.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.22.s.3|12|1|2840|alpino_lc|1279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.23.s.1|19|1|4000|alpino_lc|4758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.24.s.1|11|1|980|alpino_lc|732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.24.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.24.s.3|23|1|2400|alpino_lc|1788
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.25.s.1|24|1|2420|alpino_lc|856
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.26.s.1|20|1|3990|alpino_lc|3735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.26.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.26.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.26.s.4|19|1|660|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.27.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.1|18|1|5180|alpino_lc|3837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.2|13|1|600|alpino_lc|303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.3|6|1|130|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.4|29|1|15180|alpino_lc|3489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.5|6|1|180|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.6|13|1|3460|alpino_lc|1886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.28.s.7|12|1|320|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.29.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.29.s.2|21|1|1230|alpino_lc|884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.29.s.3|20|1|7300|alpino_lc|5749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.29.s.4|16|1|350|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.30.s.1|18|1|4280|alpino_lc|2870
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.30.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.31.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.31.s.2|19|1|1090|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.31.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.32.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.32.s.2|25|1|830|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.33.s.1|21|1|3060|alpino_lc|2054
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.33.s.2|40|1|23090|alpino_lc|3172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.33.s.3|20|1|3170|alpino_lc|740
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.34.s.1|18|1|2150|alpino_lc|1438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.34.s.2|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.35.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.35.s.2|7|1|240|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.36.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.37.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.37.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.38.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.38.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.39.s.1|44|1|25620|alpino_lc|3156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.39.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.39.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.39.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.39.s.5|22|1|580|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.40.s.1|12|1|850|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.41.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.42.s.1|14|1|930|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.43.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000039.p.44.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.1.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.2.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.3.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.3|20|1|2650|alpino_lc|3155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.4|15|1|1400|alpino_lc|575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.4.s.6|12|1|360|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.5.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.1|10|1|310|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.3|16|1|1830|alpino_lc|914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.4|9|1|270|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.5|8|1|210|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.6|11|1|400|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.7|13|1|350|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.6.s.8|19|1|900|alpino_lc|977
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.7.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.7.s.2|17|1|1340|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.7.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.7.s.4|16|1|2820|alpino_lc|2877
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.1|17|1|520|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.2|14|1|370|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.4|31|1|11580|alpino_lc|1777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.5|35|1|7270|alpino_lc|7913
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.6|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.7|7|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.8|15|1|710|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.9|10|1|500|alpino_lc|1477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.10|18|1|320|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.11|7|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.12|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.13|15|1|1490|alpino_lc|1911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.14|7|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.15|26|1|4050|alpino_lc|2031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.8.s.16|9|1|400|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.9.s.1|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|716
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.9.s.2|7|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.1|17|1|550|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.2|14|1|500|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.3|14|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.4|12|1|5520|alpino_lc|1181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.10.s.6|19|1|870|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.1|21|1|9190|alpino_lc|9231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.4|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|819
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.5|14|1|420|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.11.s.6|27|1|1240|alpino_lc|484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.12.s.1|17|1|360|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.13.s.1|17|1|360|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.13.s.2|14|1|520|alpino_lc|716
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.14.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.14.s.2|11|1|390|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.14.s.3|6|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.15.s.1|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.16.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.1|10|1|280|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.2|16|1|660|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.3|15|1|620|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.4|15|1|2690|alpino_lc|2052
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.5|11|1|290|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.17.s.6|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.18.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.18.s.2|29|1|460|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.18.s.3|21|1|690|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.19.s.1|16|1|1160|alpino_lc|936
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.19.s.2|12|1|610|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.20.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.20.s.2|17|1|3680|alpino_lc|2480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.21.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.21.s.2|11|1|540|alpino_lc|764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.21.s.3|15|1|2110|alpino_lc|1592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.21.s.4|24|1|750|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.22.s.1|31|1|35520|alpino_lc|14884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.23.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.1|15|1|650|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.3|20|1|4270|alpino_lc|2111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.4|6|1|170|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.5|10|1|180|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.6|11|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.24.s.7|19|1|570|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.25.s.1|18|1|11050|alpino_lc|5251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.25.s.2|18|1|1420|alpino_lc|975
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.26.s.1|17|1|320|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.26.s.2|16|1|700|alpino_lc|714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.26.s.3|12|1|260|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.1|11|1|480|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.2|15|1|410|alpino_lc|348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.4|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|1278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.5|24|1|3070|alpino_lc|1439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.6|16|1|920|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.27.s.7|10|1|320|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.28.s.1|14|1|740|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.28.s.2|28|1|4070|alpino_lc|2905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.29.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.29.s.2|33|1|12700|alpino_lc|3263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.30.s.1|17|1|400|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.30.s.2|12|1|430|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.31.s.1|23|1|980|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.31.s.2|13|1|2470|alpino_lc|705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.32.s.1|29|1|6430|alpino_lc|2777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.32.s.2|22|1|380|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.32.s.3|11|1|350|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.32.s.4|16|1|460|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.33.s.1|15|1|600|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.33.s.2|7|1|270|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.33.s.3|16|1|610|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.33.s.4|10|1|250|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.34.s.1|14|1|680|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.35.s.1|17|1|2840|alpino_lc|1214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.35.s.2|14|1|1370|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.35.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.35.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.36.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.36.s.2|34|1|6290|alpino_lc|3868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.36.s.3|14|1|220|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.36.s.4|14|1|270|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.1|13|1|990|alpino_lc|506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.3|10|1|460|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.4|21|1|7040|alpino_lc|4105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.5|16|1|2130|alpino_lc|1467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.37.s.6|12|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.38.s.1|20|1|1140|alpino_lc|894
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.38.s.2|25|1|12110|alpino_lc|9127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.38.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.38.s.4|22|1|16630|alpino_lc|11705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.2|28|1|14430|alpino_lc|15377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.3|13|1|690|alpino_lc|677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.4|34|1|16640|alpino_lc|6660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.5|20|1|2210|alpino_lc|1676
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.6|10|1|300|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.7|9|1|120|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.8|9|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.9|10|1|280|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.10|16|1|730|alpino_lc|604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.11|7|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.12|19|1|5060|alpino_lc|4416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.13|15|1|490|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.14|7|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.15|27|1|1530|alpino_lc|765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.16|11|1|180|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.39.s.17|18|1|240|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.40.s.1|10|1|410|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.40.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.40.s.3|20|1|780|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.40.s.4|7|1|190|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.41.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.41.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.42.s.1|31|1|28240|alpino_lc|9565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.42.s.2|15|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.43.s.1|21|1|2010|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.44.s.1|33|1|8010|alpino_lc|8565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.44.s.2|23|1|770|alpino_lc|639
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.45.s.1|11|1|920|alpino_lc|1072
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.46.s.1|24|1|1730|alpino_lc|535
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.47.s.1|14|1|1400|alpino_lc|1682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.2|15|1|3120|alpino_lc|1200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.3|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.5|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|957
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.6|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.7|12|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.8|8|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.9|8|1|230|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.48.s.10|10|1|140|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.49.s.1|12|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.50.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.2|10|1|350|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.3|16|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.5|27|1|2350|alpino_lc|2396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.51.s.6|16|1|9390|alpino_lc|15388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.52.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.53.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.2|23|1|1490|alpino_lc|1327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.3|7|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.4|7|1|180|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.5|15|1|970|alpino_lc|589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.6|17|1|740|alpino_lc|378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.7|31|1|2760|alpino_lc|2565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000040.p.54.s.8|20|1|820|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.1.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.2.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.3.s.1|10|1|350|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.1|13|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.2|34|1|6120|alpino_lc|1593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.4|21|1|1580|alpino_lc|1682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.5|24|1|1050|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.4.s.6|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.5.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.5.s.2|22|1|920|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.5.s.3|15|1|860|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.5.s.4|26|1|1210|alpino_lc|1122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.6.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.6.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.7.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.7.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.8.s.1|7|1|260|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.9.s.1|7|1|230|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.9.s.2|7|1|230|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.10.s.1|16|1|570|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.11.s.1|11|1|1410|alpino_lc|1849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.11.s.2|11|1|1610|alpino_lc|856
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.11.s.3|16|1|780|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.12.s.1|18|1|2780|alpino_lc|2134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.12.s.2|17|1|390|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.12.s.3|14|1|320|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.12.s.4|21|1|260|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.12.s.5|15|1|910|alpino_lc|497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.1|23|1|5230|alpino_lc|3114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.2|26|1|3630|alpino_lc|4574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.3|25|1|1130|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.4|14|1|1330|alpino_lc|1220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.5|25|1|28020|alpino_lc|16554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.6|16|1|2640|alpino_lc|2348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.7|10|1|260|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.8|27|1|4650|alpino_lc|904
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.9|14|1|770|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.10|21|1|2000|alpino_lc|1036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.13.s.11|14|1|640|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.1|34|1|1810|alpino_lc|1494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.2|6|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.4|20|1|500|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.5|12|1|490|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.6|11|1|270|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.14.s.7|8|1|200|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.1|15|1|690|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.2|26|1|2160|alpino_lc|585
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.3|12|1|1300|alpino_lc|887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.4|22|1|7380|alpino_lc|10403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.5|23|1|1820|alpino_lc|563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.6|19|1|4360|alpino_lc|800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.7|15|1|1750|alpino_lc|896
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.8|8|1|50|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.9|19|1|800|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.10.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.10.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.10.3|20|1|5230|alpino_lc|1159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.10.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.10.5|32|1|17250|alpino_lc|4675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.11|18|1|570|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.15.s.12|20|1|2490|alpino_lc|2669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.16.s.1|15|1|720|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.16.s.2|13|1|770|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.17.s.1|15|1|990|alpino_lc|947
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.18.s.1|13|1|2330|alpino_lc|1378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.18.s.2|6|1|300|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.19.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.20.s.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.20.s.2|10|1|800|alpino_lc|594
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.20.s.3|28|1|10740|alpino_lc|5534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.20.s.4|20|1|1390|alpino_lc|1645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.21.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.22.s.1|19|1|620|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.22.s.2|20|1|2620|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.22.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.23.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.1|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|1027
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.3|16|1|260|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.4|13|1|770|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.5|15|1|4020|alpino_lc|2269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.24.s.7|13|1|320|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.1|21|1|530|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.4|23|1|3300|alpino_lc|4354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.5|14|1|210|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.25.s.6|20|1|1560|alpino_lc|674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.26.s.1|29|1|740|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.26.s.2|17|1|1700|alpino_lc|1621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.26.s.3|16|1|160|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.26.s.4|23|1|1390|alpino_lc|1280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.27.s.1|18|1|450|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.27.s.2|17|1|21680|alpino_lc|32696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.27.s.3|23|1|990|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.27.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.3|13|1|590|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.4|12|1|400|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.5|11|1|430|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.28.s.6|6|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.29.s.1|27|1|3670|alpino_lc|3736
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.29.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.29.s.3|16|1|360|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.29.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.30.s.1|32|1|2750|alpino_lc|2557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.30.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.30.s.3|11|1|910|alpino_lc|732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.30.s.4|25|1|3120|alpino_lc|1508
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.1|18|1|540|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.2|12|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.3|18|1|1260|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.4|13|1|430|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.5|12|1|500|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.6|12|1|700|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.7|12|1|290|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.8|7|1|200|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.9|10|1|320|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.10|17|1|460|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.11|6|1|170|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.31.s.12|14|1|240|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.32.s.1|14|1|1680|alpino_lc|686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.32.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.32.s.3|27|1|1570|alpino_lc|864
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.33.s.1|24|1|13120|alpino_lc|7989
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.33.s.2|21|1|3410|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.34.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.34.s.2|16|1|430|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.35.s.1|18|1|1750|alpino_lc|1275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.36.s.1|29|1|45580|alpino_lc|13865
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.1|13|1|5040|alpino_lc|727
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.2|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|1670
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.4|32|1|1080|alpino_lc|994
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.5|12|1|390|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.37.s.6|14|1|370|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.1|16|1|1700|alpino_lc|1407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.3|31|1|3210|alpino_lc|1791
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.4|19|1|2500|alpino_lc|1122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.5|15|1|1890|alpino_lc|976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.6|17|1|1010|alpino_lc|977
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.38.s.7|12|1|130|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.39.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.39.s.2|22|1|440|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.39.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.39.s.4|20|1|670|alpino_lc|617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.40.s.1|18|1|2850|alpino_lc|1623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.40.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.40.s.3|20|1|740|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.41.s.1|25|1|2740|alpino_lc|964
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.41.s.2|8|1|590|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.41.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.41.s.4|7|1|260|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.42.s.1|19|1|660|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.42.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.42.s.3|9|1|360|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.42.s.4|26|1|1090|alpino_lc|1030
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.43.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.44.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.44.s.2|41|1|4200|alpino_lc|3812
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.45.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.46.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000041.p.47.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.1.s.1|23|1|3820|alpino_lc|3338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.3.s.1|22|1|1150|alpino_lc|900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.3.s.2|19|1|3810|alpino_lc|2588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.3.s.3|24|1|1910|alpino_lc|692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.4.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.4.s.2|14|1|2850|alpino_lc|4033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.4.s.3|18|1|3750|alpino_lc|3630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.5.s.1|10|1|390|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.5.s.2|27|1|4450|alpino_lc|1700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.5.s.3|11|1|290|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.6.s.1|18|1|390|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.6.s.2|20|1|5050|alpino_lc|963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.6.s.3|23|1|6310|alpino_lc|2700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.6.s.4|13|1|440|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.7.s.1|21|1|1500|alpino_lc|1083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.7.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.8.s.1|14|1|1170|alpino_lc|997
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.8.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.8.s.3|9|1|920|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.1|22|1|1310|alpino_lc|984
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.2|11|1|940|alpino_lc|618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.3|12|1|530|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.4|21|1|750|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.5|12|1|320|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.6|11|1|310|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.7|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.8|6|1|280|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.9.s.9|26|1|10830|alpino_lc|5295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.1|9|1|340|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.2|17|1|5150|alpino_lc|1056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.3|27|1|5690|alpino_lc|620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.5|15|1|2630|alpino_lc|2182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.6|9|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.7|10|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.8|8|1|380|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.9|26|1|13320|alpino_lc|3611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.10|27|1|2120|alpino_lc|2118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.11|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.10.s.12|20|1|470|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.11.s.1|16|1|1430|alpino_lc|636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.11.s.2|25|1|5430|alpino_lc|3902
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.11.s.3|9|1|440|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.12.s.1|27|1|3770|alpino_lc|1467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.12.s.2|16|1|1880|alpino_lc|992
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.12.s.3|18|1|690|alpino_lc|446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.12.s.4|17|1|860|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.4|17|1|720|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.5|11|1|610|alpino_lc|378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.6|10|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.7|23|1|430|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.8|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.9|57|1|30510|alpino_lc|4109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.10|50|1|9540|alpino_lc|1270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.11|9|1|180|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.12|7|1|140|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.13|14|1|310|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.14|27|1|2310|alpino_lc|1134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.13.s.15|12|1|290|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.14.s.1|17|1|5690|alpino_lc|1037
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.14.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.14.s.3|28|1|1680|alpino_lc|2164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.14.s.4|14|1|900|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.14.s.5|16|1|750|alpino_lc|767
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.1|22|1|1350|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.2|21|1|2790|alpino_lc|1062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.3|19|1|590|alpino_lc|654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.4|22|1|1470|alpino_lc|534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.5|18|1|3400|alpino_lc|1871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.6|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.7|8|1|400|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.15.s.8|21|1|810|alpino_lc|555
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.16.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.16.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.16.s.3|21|1|790|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.16.s.4|31|1|29780|alpino_lc|20350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.17.s.1|11|1|310|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.17.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.17.s.3|18|1|530|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.18.s.1|18|1|450|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.19.s.1|6|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.19.s.2|16|1|590|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.20.s.1|17|1|10090|alpino_lc|6812
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.20.s.2|20|1|1360|alpino_lc|1056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.21.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.21.s.2|11|1|340|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.21.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.22.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.23.s.1|12|1|370|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.23.s.2|20|1|730|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.23.s.3|19|1|2130|alpino_lc|1767
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.23.s.4|22|1|6710|alpino_lc|3171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.23.s.5|22|1|13090|alpino_lc|7271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.2|7|1|170|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.3|7|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.4|24|1|4340|alpino_lc|3782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.5|11|1|640|alpino_lc|672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.6|10|1|650|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.24.s.7|23|1|3370|alpino_lc|3095
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.25.s.1|11|1|680|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.25.s.2|10|1|250|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.25.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.25.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.25.s.5|23|1|4230|alpino_lc|4142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.26.s.1|20|1|2670|alpino_lc|1617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.26.s.2|19|1|3240|alpino_lc|2051
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.26.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.26.s.4|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.26.s.5|17|1|650|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.27.s.1|25|1|4520|alpino_lc|2891
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.27.s.2|12|1|1030|alpino_lc|773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.27.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.28.s.1|15|1|350|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.28.s.2|18|1|630|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.28.s.3|36|1|4890|alpino_lc|5537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.29.s.1|21|1|1540|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.30.s.1|27|1|6960|alpino_lc|2272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.30.s.2|24|1|2200|alpino_lc|1386
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.30.s.3|13|1|290|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.5|18|1|1100|alpino_lc|976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.6|22|1|1720|alpino_lc|903
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.7|6|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.8|11|1|240|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.9|21|1|680|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.10|12|1|940|alpino_lc|1148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.31.s.11|30|1|8010|alpino_lc|5083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.2|5|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.3|14|1|930|alpino_lc|657
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.6|15|1|1560|alpino_lc|1111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.7|7|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.32.s.8|15|1|830|alpino_lc|452
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.2|10|1|600|alpino_lc|735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.3|17|1|390|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.5|13|1|180|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.6|7|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.7|11|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.8|5|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.9|17|1|1010|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.10|18|1|1160|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.11|11|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.12|7|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.33.s.13|23|1|1200|alpino_lc|802
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.34.s.1|13|1|580|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.34.s.2|15|1|1870|alpino_lc|789
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.34.s.3|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.34.s.4|6|1|210|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.34.s.5|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|726
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.2|16|1|490|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.3|27|1|5360|alpino_lc|1429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.4|16|1|730|alpino_lc|538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.5|11|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.6|10|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.8|11|1|220|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.9|11|1|450|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.10|11|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.11|12|1|260|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.12|7|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.35.s.13|16|1|880|alpino_lc|810
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.36.s.1|10|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.37.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.37.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.37.s.3|12|1|300|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.37.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.37.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.38.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.39.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.2|20|1|1100|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.3|16|1|3280|alpino_lc|2432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.5|6|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000042.p.40.s.6|14|1|400|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.1.s.1|24|1|8740|alpino_lc|5403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.2.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.2.s.2|24|1|5780|alpino_lc|3691
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.2.s.3|31|1|17070|alpino_lc|2764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.3.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.3.s.2|12|1|700|alpino_lc|705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.3.s.3|23|1|2870|alpino_lc|2040
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.3.s.4|16|1|710|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.4.s.1|32|1|14020|alpino_lc|8146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.4.s.2|20|1|1120|alpino_lc|534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.4.s.3|21|1|3150|alpino_lc|1525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.5.s.1|33|1|1100|alpino_lc|405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.5.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.5.s.3|25|1|15210|alpino_lc|17138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.5.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.2|28|1|2150|alpino_lc|1361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.3|19|1|460|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.4|11|1|440|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.5|15|1|1390|alpino_lc|1543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.6|9|1|160|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.7|21|1|450|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.6.s.8|18|1|850|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.7.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.7.s.2|19|1|310|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.7.s.3|24|1|620|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.7.s.4|15|1|420|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.7.s.5|20|1|550|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.8.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.8.s.2|9|1|170|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.8.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.8.s.4|7|1|200|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.1|13|1|680|alpino_lc|462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.3|15|1|660|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.4|11|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.5|13|1|270|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.9.s.6|9|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.10.s.1|23|1|3470|alpino_lc|3786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.10.s.2|28|1|1220|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.11.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.11.s.2|16|1|800|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.11.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.1|8|1|420|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.4|15|1|2560|alpino_lc|408
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.5|8|1|190|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.6|6|1|230|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.7|8|1|300|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.8|13|1|320|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.9|24|1|2860|alpino_lc|2340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.10|12|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.11|7|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.12|14|1|410|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.13|24|1|4070|alpino_lc|1667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.12.s.14|14|1|830|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.13.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.13.s.2|30|1|2880|alpino_lc|1888
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.14.s.1|64|1|17810|alpino_lc|6734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.15.s.1|8|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.1|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.2|21|1|1870|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.3|14|1|810|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.4|6|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.5|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.6|8|1|130|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.16.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.17.s.1|28|1|1010|alpino_lc|789
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.17.s.2|13|1|2190|alpino_lc|948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.17.s.3|17|1|790|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.17.s.4|22|1|1340|alpino_lc|1046
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.17.s.5|10|1|300|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.1|17|1|6290|alpino_lc|7859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.3|11|1|650|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.4|14|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.5|16|1|780|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.18.s.6|7|1|440|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.19.s.1|18|1|1570|alpino_lc|1040
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.19.s.2|25|1|8800|alpino_lc|2750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.19.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.20.s.1|10|1|1150|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.20.s.2|16|1|980|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.20.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.20.s.4|20|1|1750|alpino_lc|1624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.21.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.21.s.2|18|1|6770|alpino_lc|8671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.22.s.1|13|1|330|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.22.s.2|14|1|290|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.22.s.3|10|1|290|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.22.s.4|26|1|5910|alpino_lc|7031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.23.s.1|12|1|310|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.24.s.1|16|1|1950|alpino_lc|684
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.24.s.2|22|1|13350|alpino_lc|7416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.25.s.1|20|1|1840|alpino_lc|1185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.26.s.1|32|1|6070|alpino_lc|1239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.26.s.2|16|1|400|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.26.s.3|17|1|540|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.26.s.4|7|1|180|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.26.s.5|14|1|270|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.27.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.27.s.2|19|1|490|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.27.s.3|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.27.s.4|20|1|490|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.28.s.1|39|1|12420|alpino_lc|5830
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.28.s.2|13|1|420|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.29.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.29.s.2|22|1|3250|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.1|21|1|1920|alpino_lc|868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.4|11|1|190|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.5|12|1|1110|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.30.s.6|19|1|320|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.31.s.1|22|1|720|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.31.s.2|6|1|160|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.32.s.1|9|1|670|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.32.s.2|13|1|1520|alpino_lc|1068
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.33.s.1|22|1|840|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.33.s.2|14|1|280|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.33.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.34.s.1|16|1|5570|alpino_lc|4321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.34.s.2|19|1|960|alpino_lc|1145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.34.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.34.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.35.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.36.s.1|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.36.s.2|17|1|4570|alpino_lc|2776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.36.s.3|14|1|600|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.36.s.4|9|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.37.s.1|14|1|1230|alpino_lc|634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.1|9|1|290|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.2|16|1|2720|alpino_lc|2145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.3|16|1|650|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.4|12|1|220|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.5|11|1|230|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000043.p.38.s.6|16|1|460|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.1.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.2.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.3.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.4.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.5.s.1|21|1|1130|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.5.s.2|25|1|9030|alpino_lc|1059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.5.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.5.s.4|7|1|220|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.5.s.5|26|1|8840|alpino_lc|2640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.1|16|1|630|alpino_lc|603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.2|18|1|1930|alpino_lc|1043
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.4|16|1|670|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.5|12|1|790|alpino_lc|642
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.6|14|1|430|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.7|6|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.8|11|1|490|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.9|17|1|790|alpino_lc|520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.10|14|1|440|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.11|6|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.12|20|1|1330|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.13|22|1|1430|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.14|25|1|5250|alpino_lc|2139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.15|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.16|34|1|2570|alpino_lc|1016
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.17|7|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.18|18|1|960|alpino_lc|847
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.6.s.19|14|1|800|alpino_lc|616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.7.s.1|15|1|740|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.7.s.2|21|1|450|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.8.s.1|18|1|1780|alpino_lc|1254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.8.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.9.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.9.s.2|27|1|8150|alpino_lc|4551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.9.s.3|15|1|460|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.1|19|1|670|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.4|21|1|2230|alpino_lc|1703
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.5|54|1|23370|alpino_lc|10718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.6|41|1|39220|alpino_lc|50216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.10.s.7|11|1|240|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.11.s.1|21|1|1130|alpino_lc|355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.11.s.2|8|1|730|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.11.s.3|8|1|160|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.11.s.4|21|1|660|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.11.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.12.s.1|16|1|320|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.12.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.13.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.13.s.2|8|1|300|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.13.s.3|8|1|440|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.2|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|725
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.3|13|1|620|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.5|8|1|320|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.14.s.6|14|1|3820|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.15.s.1|15|1|860|alpino_lc|616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.15.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.16.s.1|32|1|1550|alpino_lc|674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.17.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.17.s.2|20|1|1020|alpino_lc|400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.2|13|1|1570|alpino_lc|1064
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.3|17|1|440|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.4|27|1|940|alpino_lc|1246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.5|36|1|14070|alpino_lc|4585
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.6|24|1|1880|alpino_lc|2042
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.7|17|1|490|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.9|19|1|780|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.10|21|1|520|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.11|16|1|690|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.12|17|1|340|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.13|12|1|610|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.14|15|1|660|alpino_lc|613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.15|23|1|590|alpino_lc|409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.16|13|1|390|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.17|7|1|200|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.18|18|1|390|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.19|17|1|3990|alpino_lc|2088
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.20|14|1|450|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.21|7|1|180|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.22|18|1|510|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.18.s.23|26|1|6560|alpino_lc|4807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.19.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.19.s.2|10|1|230|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.19.s.3|14|1|270|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.20.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.1|12|1|650|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.2|18|1|1150|alpino_lc|689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.3|14|1|430|alpino_lc|438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.4|8|1|280|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.6|8|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.21.s.7|12|1|230|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.22.s.1|15|1|1410|alpino_lc|1140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.22.s.2|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.22.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.22.s.4|23|1|2220|alpino_lc|1258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.23.s.1|31|1|15280|alpino_lc|11221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.23.s.2|31|1|7760|alpino_lc|1768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.23.s.3|24|1|9410|alpino_lc|9100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.23.s.4|10|1|230|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.24.s.1|13|1|350|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.24.s.2|12|1|430|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.25.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.25.s.2|18|1|1600|alpino_lc|894
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.25.s.3|10|1|330|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.26.s.1|21|1|560|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.27.s.1|24|1|2800|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.27.s.2|18|1|230|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.27.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.27.s.4|22|1|710|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.28.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.28.s.2|27|1|2890|alpino_lc|2789
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.28.s.3|14|1|460|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.28.s.4|8|1|660|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.28.s.5|19|1|4240|alpino_lc|3316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.29.s.1|27|1|1070|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.29.s.2|8|1|370|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.29.s.3|21|1|2450|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.2|19|1|740|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.3|17|1|540|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.4|8|1|440|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.5|9|1|360|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.6|14|1|560|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.7|23|1|1410|alpino_lc|1102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.8|8|1|180|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.9|21|1|1190|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.10|9|1|300|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.11|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.12|17|1|520|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.30.s.13|8|1|120|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.31.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.31.s.2|15|1|160|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.32.s.1|12|1|890|alpino_lc|881
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.32.s.2|10|1|280|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.33.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.34.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.35.s.1|13|1|620|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.35.s.2|15|1|2110|alpino_lc|2573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.35.s.3|15|1|660|alpino_lc|555
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.35.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.35.s.5|12|1|960|alpino_lc|685
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.36.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.36.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.37.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.37.s.2|20|1|900|alpino_lc|878
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.37.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.38.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.39.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.40.s.1|17|1|700|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.40.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.40.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.41.s.1|24|1|2820|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.41.s.2|18|1|220|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.41.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000044.p.41.s.4|22|1|730|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.1.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.1.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.2.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.2.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.3.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.4.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.5.s.1|22|1|1640|alpino_lc|827
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.6.s.1|8|1|430|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.7.s.1|19|1|440|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.8.s.1|16|1|1130|alpino_lc|792
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.1|17|1|5790|alpino_lc|2328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.2|6|1|390|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.4|10|1|210|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.5|12|1|430|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.6|35|1|1880|alpino_lc|805
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.9.s.7|10|1|410|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.10.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.11.s.1|11|1|320|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.12.s.1|19|1|660|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.13.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.14.s.1|15|1|1140|alpino_lc|631
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.15.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.16.s.1|16|1|1630|alpino_lc|903
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.17.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.18.s.1|10|1|550|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.19.s.1|15|1|370|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.21.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.22.s.1|17|1|1610|alpino_lc|961
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.23.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.24.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.25.s.1|7|1|210|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.26.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.1|15|1|3760|alpino_lc|5426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.2|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|1846
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.3|14|1|1040|alpino_lc|553
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.4|13|1|490|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.5|26|1|2060|alpino_lc|928
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.6|10|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.7|32|1|1420|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.8|11|1|220|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.27.s.9|23|1|20730|alpino_lc|27454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.28.s.1|18|1|780|alpino_lc|905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.28.s.2|15|1|750|alpino_lc|597
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.28.s.3|16|1|2320|alpino_lc|2247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.28.s.4|9|1|370|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.28.s.5|25|1|1360|alpino_lc|672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.29.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.30.s.1|8|1|250|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.31.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.32.s.1|18|1|790|alpino_lc|545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.2|11|1|620|alpino_lc|1300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.3|10|1|340|alpino_lc|543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.4|8|1|190|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.5|8|1|160|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.6|10|1|130|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.33.s.7|10|1|360|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.34.s.1|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.34.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.2|8|1|720|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.3|8|1|610|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.4|9|1|460|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.5|9|1|230|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.6|7|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.7|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.35.s.8|13|1|250|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.36.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.37.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.38.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.39.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.40.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.41.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.42.s.1|11|1|3000|alpino_lc|2200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.43.s.1|18|1|340|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.44.s.1|24|1|6420|alpino_lc|2927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000045.p.45.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.1.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.2.s.1|7|1|230|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.3.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.5.s.1|33|1|8520|alpino_lc|1017
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.5.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.5.s.3|16|1|430|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.5.s.4|25|1|4040|alpino_lc|2038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.5.s.5|20|1|450|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.6.s.1|20|1|1280|alpino_lc|1042
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.6.s.2|15|1|2620|alpino_lc|2229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.6.s.3|18|1|430|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.6.s.4|22|1|990|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.7.s.1|29|1|19940|alpino_lc|6513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.7.s.2|18|1|590|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.7.s.3|11|1|380|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.2|19|1|680|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.3|22|1|990|alpino_lc|648
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.4|8|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.5|11|1|260|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.8.s.6|10|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.9.s.1|22|1|470|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.9.s.2|9|1|1420|alpino_lc|1879
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.10.s.1|6|1|220|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.10.s.2|48|1|5020|alpino_lc|2088
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.10.s.3|25|1|5160|alpino_lc|3549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.11.s.1|17|1|180|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.11.s.2|15|1|930|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.11.s.3|42|1|283250|alpino_lc|82857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.12.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.12.s.2|7|1|150|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.12.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.13.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.3|19|1|1470|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.5|10|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.6|23|1|660|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.14.s.7|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.15.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.15.s.2|23|1|11660|alpino_lc|9925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.15.s.3|18|1|620|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.15.s.4|21|1|330|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.15.s.5|16|1|360|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.16.s.1|19|1|280|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.16.s.2|22|1|1500|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.16.s.3|23|1|7180|alpino_lc|3951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.17.s.1|10|1|1740|alpino_lc|1212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.17.s.2|24|1|1570|alpino_lc|809
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.18.s.1|24|1|2510|alpino_lc|1378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.19.s.1|18|1|340|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.20.s.1|28|1|1440|alpino_lc|1207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.20.s.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.21.s.1|10|1|270|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.21.s.2|17|1|2810|alpino_lc|1706
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.21.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.22.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.22.s.2|28|1|5330|alpino_lc|2892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.22.s.3|17|1|1510|alpino_lc|937
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.22.s.4|12|1|150|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.1|13|1|690|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.2|16|1|3140|alpino_lc|2734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.3|21|1|670|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.4|20|1|720|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.5|11|1|410|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.6|22|1|2840|alpino_lc|2287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.7|18|1|500|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.8|11|1|230|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.9|27|1|1640|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.23.s.10|22|1|890|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.24.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.25.s.1|20|1|3440|alpino_lc|1953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.25.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.25.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.26.s.1|27|1|1650|alpino_lc|537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.26.s.2|17|1|1590|alpino_lc|1074
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.27.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.28.s.1|21|1|6630|alpino_lc|11789
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.28.s.2|22|1|1390|alpino_lc|2396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.28.s.3|11|1|460|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.29.s.1|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.29.s.2|11|1|670|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.30.s.1|13|1|860|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.30.s.2|14|1|250|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.30.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.1|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.3|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|615
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.5|16|1|910|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.6|6|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.31.s.7|16|1|340|alpino_lc|442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.1|8|1|250|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.2|20|1|2310|alpino_lc|837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.4|22|1|1880|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.5|12|1|210|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.6|19|1|5110|alpino_lc|2998
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.32.s.7|11|1|300|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.2|17|1|260|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.3|8|1|280|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.4|8|1|200|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.5|8|1|260|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.33.s.6|20|1|740|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.34.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.34.s.2|10|1|860|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.35.s.1|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|591
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.36.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.36.s.2|22|1|550|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.37.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.37.s.2|13|1|4540|alpino_lc|4024
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.38.s.1|14|1|860|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.38.s.2|15|1|1940|alpino_lc|1537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.38.s.3|23|1|4120|alpino_lc|1900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.38.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.38.s.5|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.2|9|1|390|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.3|24|1|380|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.4|30|1|2810|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.5|22|1|770|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.6|43|1|19310|alpino_lc|14612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.7|11|1|450|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.8|18|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.9|10|1|330|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.10|21|1|680|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.11|28|1|5980|alpino_lc|3942
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.12|18|1|3520|alpino_lc|2255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.13|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.39.s.14|30|1|5920|alpino_lc|3657
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.40.s.1|27|1|2160|alpino_lc|1014
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.40.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.41.s.1|15|1|780|alpino_lc|639
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.41.s.2|17|1|480|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.41.s.3|13|1|130|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.41.s.4|18|1|580|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.42.s.1|16|1|3240|alpino_lc|3091
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.42.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.42.s.3|28|1|32600|alpino_lc|4838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.42.s.4|20|1|1600|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.43.s.1|23|1|2240|alpino_lc|1095
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.44.s.1|18|1|1400|alpino_lc|1398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.45.s.1|16|1|630|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.45.s.2|12|1|1760|alpino_lc|1324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.46.s.1|18|1|840|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.46.s.2|20|1|820|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.46.s.3|15|1|280|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.47.s.1|21|1|970|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.48.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.49.s.1|9|1|820|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.50.s.1|19|1|13450|alpino_lc|10200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.51.s.1|19|1|670|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.1|7|1|300|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.3|14|1|310|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.5|8|1|210|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.6|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.7|11|1|640|alpino_lc|358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.8|10|1|140|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.9|10|1|390|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.10|14|1|1350|alpino_lc|461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.11|8|1|200|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.12|20|1|880|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.13|20|1|730|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.52.s.14|13|1|210|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.53.s.1|17|1|550|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.54.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.54.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.54.s.3|32|1|9210|alpino_lc|3887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.54.s.4|20|1|4040|alpino_lc|7355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.54.s.5|15|1|730|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.55.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000046.p.56.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.1.s.1|9|1|370|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.2.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.3.s.1|8|1|510|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.5.s.1|31|1|5650|alpino_lc|2854
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.6.s.1|19|1|1490|alpino_lc|713
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.6.s.2|13|1|600|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.6.s.3|16|1|140|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.6.s.4|9|1|310|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.1|39|1|17720|alpino_lc|4521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.2|29|1|6660|alpino_lc|4238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.3|25|1|700|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.5|51|1|8120|alpino_lc|2729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.6|31|1|3910|alpino_lc|3113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.7|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.8|18|1|750|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.9|7|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.10|11|1|150|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.11|19|1|290|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.7.s.12|18|1|4310|alpino_lc|2502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.8.s.1|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.8.s.2|20|1|590|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.8.s.3|26|1|7910|alpino_lc|2635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.9.s.1|15|1|160|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.9.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.9.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.10.s.1|8|1|270|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.10.s.2|14|1|590|alpino_lc|405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.11.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.11.s.2|10|1|440|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.12.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.12.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.12.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.13.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.14.s.1|17|1|870|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.14.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.14.s.3|13|1|1080|alpino_lc|1030
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.14.s.4|20|1|640|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.14.s.5|14|1|600|alpino_lc|1029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.15.s.1|25|1|3810|alpino_lc|3146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.16.s.1|15|1|660|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.16.s.2|21|1|1260|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.17.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.17.s.2|16|1|540|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.17.s.3|14|1|510|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.18.s.1|22|1|1580|alpino_lc|691
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.19.s.1|29|1|11470|alpino_lc|3543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.19.s.2|18|1|170|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.20.s.1|15|1|800|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.20.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.20.s.3|12|1|180|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.3|13|1|700|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.4|6|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.5|21|1|15930|alpino_lc|5724
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.21.s.6|15|1|580|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.22.s.1|18|1|300|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.23.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.24.s.1|22|1|4050|alpino_lc|855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.25.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.26.s.1|31|1|8620|alpino_lc|5179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.27.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.28.s.1|27|1|14990|alpino_lc|17949
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.28.s.2|14|1|370|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.29.s.1|24|1|1160|alpino_lc|1026
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.30.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.31.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.32.s.1|18|1|790|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.32.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.32.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.32.s.4|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.32.s.5|11|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.33.s.1|15|1|2450|alpino_lc|1955
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.33.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.33.s.3|40|1|6790|alpino_lc|4109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.33.s.4|18|1|7170|alpino_lc|1365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.34.s.1|45|1|3870|alpino_lc|1719
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.34.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.34.s.3|14|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.34.s.4|11|1|1000|alpino_lc|772
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.35.s.1|22|1|8910|alpino_lc|7210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.35.s.2|26|1|8800|alpino_lc|2945
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.35.s.3|17|1|340|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.35.s.4|16|1|530|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.36.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.37.s.1|17|1|680|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.37.s.2|30|1|1000|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.37.s.3|19|1|650|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.37.s.4|11|1|1270|alpino_lc|899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.38.s.1|11|1|1940|alpino_lc|1004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.38.s.2|17|1|160|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.39.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.39.s.2|14|1|380|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.39.s.3|20|1|1420|alpino_lc|814
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.39.s.4|13|1|800|alpino_lc|601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.2|24|1|3240|alpino_lc|1001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.4|11|1|570|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.5|16|1|330|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.6|10|1|400|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.7|14|1|340|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.40.s.8|10|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.41.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.41.s.2|10|1|620|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.41.s.3|10|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.41.s.4|25|1|2990|alpino_lc|1006
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.41.s.5|15|1|300|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.3|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.4|7|1|240|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.5|25|1|660|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.6|15|1|1200|alpino_lc|676
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.7|13|1|500|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.8|18|1|2800|alpino_lc|2039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.9|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.10|10|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.11|16|1|660|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.12|16|1|690|alpino_lc|763
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.13|16|1|370|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.14|14|1|1130|alpino_lc|1086
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.15|19|1|680|alpino_lc|574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.16|14|1|390|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.17|25|1|1660|alpino_lc|720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.42.s.18|19|1|850|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.1|15|1|830|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.2|13|1|310|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.3|12|1|670|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.4|16|1|540|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.5|17|1|730|alpino_lc|805
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.6|13|1|340|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.43.s.7|12|1|640|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.44.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.44.s.2|17|1|810|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.44.s.3|27|1|1060|alpino_lc|682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.45.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.45.s.2|24|1|990|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.45.s.3|12|1|1590|alpino_lc|1318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.45.s.4|21|1|12830|alpino_lc|12168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.46.s.1|14|1|280|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.46.s.2|13|1|830|alpino_lc|558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.47.s.1|23|1|14010|alpino_lc|7062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.47.s.2|16|1|770|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.48.s.1|29|1|2180|alpino_lc|806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.49.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.50.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.50.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.50.s.3|38|1|9820|alpino_lc|1949
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.50.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.50.s.5|14|1|330|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.51.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.51.s.2|14|1|960|alpino_lc|806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.52.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.53.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.54.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.55.s.1|22|1|3920|alpino_lc|6916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.55.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.55.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.56.s.1|21|1|1080|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000047.p.57.s.1|20|1|4980|alpino_lc|5911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.1.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.2.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.3.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.5.s.1|28|1|2160|alpino_lc|1478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.5.s.2|13|1|690|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.6.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.6.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.6.s.3|20|1|690|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.6.s.4|19|1|330|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.1|7|1|360|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.4|16|1|570|alpino_lc|516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.5|6|1|100|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.6|19|1|2760|alpino_lc|4413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.7|15|1|400|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.8|11|1|200|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.9|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|1604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.7.s.10|19|1|530|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.8.s.1|12|1|390|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.8.s.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.9.s.1|20|1|310|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.9.s.2|10|1|520|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.9.s.3|19|1|460|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.10.s.1|23|1|9910|alpino_lc|2516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.10.s.2|23|1|1290|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.10.s.3|32|1|2370|alpino_lc|641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.11.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.12.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.12.s.2|25|1|700|alpino_lc|750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.13.s.1|10|1|2110|alpino_lc|712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.13.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.13.s.3|14|1|620|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.14.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.15.s.1|16|1|8010|alpino_lc|6264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.15.s.2|21|1|7210|alpino_lc|3288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.16.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.16.s.2|17|1|390|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.17.s.1|21|1|5980|alpino_lc|5300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.17.s.2|12|1|1270|alpino_lc|814
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.17.s.3|18|1|390|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.17.s.4|17|1|500|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.18.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.18.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.1|36|1|14870|alpino_lc|8117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.2|32|1|2940|alpino_lc|1092
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.3|17|1|590|alpino_lc|735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.4|10|1|650|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.5|13|1|200|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.6|16|1|420|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.7|13|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.8|28|1|6840|alpino_lc|3811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.9|34|1|3960|alpino_lc|3364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.19.s.10|18|1|5040|alpino_lc|6572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.20.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.21.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.21.s.2|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.21.s.3|19|1|610|alpino_lc|420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.21.s.4|14|1|530|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.22.s.1|21|1|2300|alpino_lc|1368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.22.s.2|10|1|350|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.23.s.1|13|1|860|alpino_lc|1029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.23.s.2|13|1|690|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.24.s.1|21|1|700|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.24.s.2|18|1|2660|alpino_lc|1582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.24.s.3|23|1|1870|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.25.s.1|14|1|410|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.25.s.2|25|1|2010|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.25.s.3|13|1|510|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.25.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.25.s.5|9|1|560|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.26.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.26.s.2|6|1|290|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.26.s.3|17|1|490|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.26.s.4|11|1|460|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.26.s.5|18|1|1340|alpino_lc|993
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.27.s.1|13|1|670|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.27.s.2|9|1|350|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.27.s.3|32|1|13330|alpino_lc|4218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.27.s.4|12|1|700|alpino_lc|456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.27.s.5|16|1|11060|alpino_lc|1538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.28.s.1|18|1|4760|alpino_lc|4383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.28.s.2|17|1|19670|alpino_lc|14303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.29.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.29.s.2|28|1|16010|alpino_lc|9762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.29.s.3|25|1|390|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.30.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.30.s.2|10|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.1|24|1|3510|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.3|13|1|670|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.4|17|1|850|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.5|12|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.6|14|1|1010|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.7|8|1|230|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.8|14|1|200|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.9|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.31.s.10|24|1|1410|alpino_lc|642
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.32.s.1|10|1|660|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.33.s.1|16|1|470|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.33.s.2|23|1|15850|alpino_lc|4203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.33.s.3|14|1|790|alpino_lc|449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.33.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.33.s.5|15|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.1|15|1|1490|alpino_lc|1031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.2|37|1|1990|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.3|19|1|720|alpino_lc|693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.4|25|1|1270|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.5|20|1|340|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.6|37|1|4650|alpino_lc|797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.7|13|1|550|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.8|9|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.34.s.9|21|1|390|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.35.s.1|21|1|1450|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.35.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.1|17|1|250|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.3|15|1|550|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.4|24|1|1070|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.5|12|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.36.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.37.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.38.s.1|17|1|750|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.38.s.2|15|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.39.s.1|17|1|840|alpino_lc|731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.40.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.41.s.1|14|1|950|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.42.s.1|21|1|390|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.42.s.2|18|1|8480|alpino_lc|3305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.43.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000048.p.44.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.1.s.1|9|1|310|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.2.s.1|10|1|580|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.3.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.5.s.1|31|1|5760|alpino_lc|2237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.5.s.2|26|1|790|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.5.s.3|22|1|2980|alpino_lc|3556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.5.s.4|23|1|1390|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.6.s.1|23|1|1640|alpino_lc|1268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.6.s.2|35|1|3110|alpino_lc|2114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.1|39|1|6690|alpino_lc|7264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.2|15|1|500|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.3|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|1346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.4|14|1|220|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.5|12|1|220|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.6|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.7|21|1|6650|alpino_lc|4244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.8|15|1|2530|alpino_lc|1083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.9|21|1|9650|alpino_lc|5175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.10|10|1|340|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.11|21|1|1280|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.12|4|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.13|37|1|6170|alpino_lc|8011
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.14|25|1|2780|alpino_lc|1573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.15|15|1|840|alpino_lc|462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.16|16|1|4980|alpino_lc|4164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.17|22|1|700|alpino_lc|702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.18|27|1|3320|alpino_lc|1028
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.7.s.19|16|1|3140|alpino_lc|3857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.8.s.1|17|1|2730|alpino_lc|2193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.8.s.2|11|1|160|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.8.s.3|22|1|1650|alpino_lc|1111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.8.s.4|26|1|1390|alpino_lc|1033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.1|22|1|2570|alpino_lc|1323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.2|26|1|1850|alpino_lc|1888
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.4|18|1|930|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.5|17|1|680|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.9.s.6|28|1|6600|alpino_lc|3633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.10.s.1|25|1|13330|alpino_lc|6559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.10.s.2|13|1|640|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.11.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.11.s.2|27|1|1520|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.11.s.3|15|1|830|alpino_lc|754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.12.s.1|25|1|7900|alpino_lc|1276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.12.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.13.s.1|15|1|330|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.13.s.2|22|1|900|alpino_lc|638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.13.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.14.s.1|16|1|470|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.14.s.2|18|1|360|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.15.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.15.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.16.s.1|16|1|350|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.17.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.17.s.2|15|1|620|alpino_lc|636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.18.s.1|18|1|12720|alpino_lc|4677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.18.s.2|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|781
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.18.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.19.s.1|33|1|2520|alpino_lc|1148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.19.s.2|19|1|2440|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.19.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.19.s.4|13|1|300|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.19.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.1|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.3|12|1|1120|alpino_lc|579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.4|9|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.5|9|1|290|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.6|15|1|3870|alpino_lc|3532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.7|10|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.8|29|1|7700|alpino_lc|2015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.9|12|1|220|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.10|17|1|540|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.11|16|1|540|alpino_lc|496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.12|11|1|370|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.13|23|1|1440|alpino_lc|842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.20.s.14|23|1|1580|alpino_lc|978
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.21.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.22.s.1|22|1|1700|alpino_lc|1198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.22.s.2|14|1|470|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.22.s.3|10|1|670|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.22.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.22.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.23.s.1|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.23.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.23.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.23.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.23.s.5|13|1|2460|alpino_lc|1272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.24.s.1|14|1|760|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.24.s.2|24|1|1710|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.24.s.3|20|1|2210|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.24.s.4|16|1|470|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.24.s.5|15|1|2240|alpino_lc|1360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.25.s.1|11|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.25.s.2|14|1|480|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.25.s.3|7|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.25.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.26.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.26.s.2|15|1|410|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.27.s.1|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.27.s.2|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.27.s.3|21|1|760|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.1|21|1|3080|alpino_lc|678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.3|22|1|10190|alpino_lc|2952
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.5|14|1|1870|alpino_lc|807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.6|16|1|970|alpino_lc|742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.28.s.7|13|1|150|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.1|13|1|770|alpino_lc|621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.4|7|1|260|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.5.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.5.2|16|1|520|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.6.1|19|1|3730|alpino_lc|1716
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.6.2|17|1|290|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.29.s.7|8|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.30.s.1|15|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.30.s.2|16|1|520|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.30.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.30.s.4|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.30.s.5|19|1|420|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.31.s.1|18|1|2050|alpino_lc|1103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.31.s.2|18|1|900|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.31.s.3|10|1|250|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.32.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.33.s.1|12|1|240|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.33.s.2|27|1|15190|alpino_lc|6302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.34.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.35.s.1|19|1|7700|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.35.s.2|12|1|540|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.36.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.37.s.1|14|1|590|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.38.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000049.p.39.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.1.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.2.s.1|8|1|660|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.3.s.1|10|1|790|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.1|14|1|1210|alpino_lc|835
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.2|21|1|11970|alpino_lc|3940
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.3|18|1|2810|alpino_lc|1906
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.5|14|1|260|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.5.s.6|9|1|160|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.6.s.1|26|1|2990|alpino_lc|1867
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.6.s.2|25|1|800|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.7.s.1|29|1|3460|alpino_lc|2189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.7.s.2|18|1|4370|alpino_lc|2038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.7.s.3|28|1|14390|alpino_lc|5157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.8.s.1|22|1|490|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.8.s.2|14|1|900|alpino_lc|687
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.8.s.3|23|1|3040|alpino_lc|2581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.9.s.1|25|1|710|alpino_lc|578
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.9.s.2|28|1|7380|alpino_lc|5851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.1|12|1|680|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.2|20|1|1670|alpino_lc|1903
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.3|20|1|230|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.4|22|1|12330|alpino_lc|4551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.5|13|1|330|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.10.s.6|12|1|210|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.2|18|1|350|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.3|28|1|5380|alpino_lc|5754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.4|32|1|11280|alpino_lc|2254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.5|13|1|200|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.6|15|1|200|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.7|25|1|9790|alpino_lc|2272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.8|12|1|260|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.9|21|1|2530|alpino_lc|2384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.10|10|1|130|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.11|13|1|1680|alpino_lc|1140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.11.s.12|10|1|520|alpino_lc|684
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.12.s.1|19|1|1020|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.12.s.2|28|1|4660|alpino_lc|1347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.12.s.3|21|1|1210|alpino_lc|828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.13.s.1|14|1|730|alpino_lc|543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.13.s.2|6|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.13.s.3.1|8|1|270|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.13.s.3.2|22|1|820|alpino_lc|550
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.14.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.1|9|1|340|alpino_lc|300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.2|22|1|5160|alpino_lc|3926
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.3|23|1|5860|alpino_lc|3320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.4|10|1|870|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.5|12|1|440|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.15.s.6|10|1|260|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.16.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.16.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.16.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.16.s.4|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.16.s.5|22|1|5780|alpino_lc|3735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.17.s.1|12|1|850|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.17.s.2|20|1|6010|alpino_lc|4891
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.18.s.1|35|1|21220|alpino_lc|1232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.19.s.1|16|1|410|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.19.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.19.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.19.s.4|11|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.19.s.5|14|1|300|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.20.s.1|19|1|840|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.20.s.2|22|1|2130|alpino_lc|1168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.20.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.21.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.21.s.2|13|1|2540|alpino_lc|2406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.21.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.5|8|1|210|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.6|8|1|220|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.7|8|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.22.s.8|6|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.23.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.23.s.2|26|1|1570|alpino_lc|1239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.3|9|1|550|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.5|25|1|980|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.24.s.6|8|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.25.s.1|20|1|3170|alpino_lc|2618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.25.s.2|24|1|750|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.25.s.3|9|1|220|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.26.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.26.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.26.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.26.s.4|25|1|3820|alpino_lc|2516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.27.s.1|18|1|420|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.27.s.2|7|1|250|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.1|13|1|930|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.2|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.6|9|1|370|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.7|15|1|510|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.28.s.8|12|1|220|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.29.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.30.s.1|39|1|6470|alpino_lc|3848
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.30.s.2|15|1|370|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.30.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.30.s.4|13|1|480|alpino_lc|600
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.31.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.32.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.33.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.33.s.2|15|1|530|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.33.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.33.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.33.s.5|11|1|370|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.34.s.1|10|1|330|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.34.s.2|13|1|430|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.34.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.34.s.4|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000051.p.34.s.5|15|1|380|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.1.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.2.s.1|10|1|390|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.3.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.5.s.1|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|1000
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.5.s.2|15|1|3350|alpino_lc|2424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.5.s.3|14|1|2470|alpino_lc|1010
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.5.s.4|17|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.5.s.5|22|1|760|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.6.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.7.s.1|19|1|350|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.7.s.2|10|1|700|alpino_lc|824
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.8.s.1|15|1|1870|alpino_lc|986
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.8.s.2|8|1|880|alpino_lc|1142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.9.s.1|23|1|5930|alpino_lc|1868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.10.s.1|5|1|170|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.10.s.2|17|1|6530|alpino_lc|4103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.11.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.12.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.12.s.2|23|1|2390|alpino_lc|1547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.12.s.3|21|1|1230|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.13.s.1|16|1|3560|alpino_lc|2465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.13.s.2|20|1|810|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.2|20|1|530|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.4|18|1|610|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.5|21|1|580|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.14.s.6|13|1|240|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.15.s.1|18|1|240|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.15.s.2|27|1|1530|alpino_lc|712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.15.s.3|16|1|400|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.16.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.17.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.17.s.2|25|1|970|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.18.s.1|30|1|6240|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.18.s.2|15|1|880|alpino_lc|608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.19.s.1|19|1|270|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.19.s.2|13|1|680|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.20.s.1|15|1|690|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.20.s.2|8|1|330|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.21.s.1|29|1|15570|alpino_lc|3973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.22.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.23.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.1|24|1|1520|alpino_lc|703
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.2|9|1|550|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.5|14|1|290|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.24.s.6|11|1|250|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.2|14|1|490|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.4|9|1|290|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.5|12|1|1030|alpino_lc|773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.6|8|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.25.s.7|13|1|1550|alpino_lc|2229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.1|16|1|1580|alpino_lc|1149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.2|11|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.3|17|1|3370|alpino_lc|1678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.4|17|1|790|alpino_lc|1148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.5|17|1|470|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.26.s.6|12|1|340|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.27.s.1|15|1|790|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.27.s.2|10|1|700|alpino_lc|877
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.27.s.3|15|1|2200|alpino_lc|2801
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.27.s.4|13|1|580|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.28.s.1|19|1|990|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.28.s.2|14|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.29.s.1|12|1|1430|alpino_lc|1919
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.30.s.1|33|1|5160|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.30.s.2|20|1|450|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.30.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.30.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.30.s.5|14|1|4660|alpino_lc|3054
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.31.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.31.s.2|22|1|1480|alpino_lc|1003
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.32.s.1|33|1|14970|alpino_lc|7884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.33.s.1|9|1|290|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.34.s.1|21|1|520|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.1|24|1|17480|alpino_lc|6722
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.2|18|1|9060|alpino_lc|3807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.3|23|1|2140|alpino_lc|1287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.4|31|1|7790|alpino_lc|3527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.5|30|1|19590|alpino_lc|7113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.35.s.6|33|1|4690|alpino_lc|628
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.36.s.1|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.36.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.36.s.3|18|1|430|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.37.s.1|17|1|1130|alpino_lc|1471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.37.s.2|8|1|360|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.37.s.3|10|1|180|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.1|12|1|320|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.5|6|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.6|13|1|500|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.8|15|1|370|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.9|15|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.10|13|1|200|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.11|9|1|260|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.12|21|1|470|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.13|8|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.14|16|1|4700|alpino_lc|3778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.15|12|1|130|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.16|12|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.38.s.17|12|1|510|alpino_lc|733
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.39.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.39.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.39.s.3|24|1|370|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.40.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.41.s.1|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.41.s.2|8|1|230|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.41.s.3|10|1|690|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.42.s.1|10|1|400|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.42.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.42.s.3|10|1|170|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.43.s.1|20|1|1110|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.43.s.2|17|1|220|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.44.s.1|17|1|2140|alpino_lc|2393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.45.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.46.s.1|14|1|540|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.46.s.2|19|1|380|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.46.s.3|21|1|8120|alpino_lc|1645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.46.s.4|28|1|6000|alpino_lc|4343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.46.s.5|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.47.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.48.s.1|29|1|28360|alpino_lc|28032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.48.s.2|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|852
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.48.s.3|13|1|790|alpino_lc|895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000200.p.48.s.4|13|1|210|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.1.s.1|9|1|450|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.2.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.3.s.1|9|1|320|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.5.s.1|29|1|1840|alpino_lc|757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.5.s.2|27|1|52230|alpino_lc|34360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.5.s.3|33|1|4800|alpino_lc|8599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.5.s.4|25|1|1230|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.6.s.1|21|1|780|alpino_lc|284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.6.s.2|22|1|720|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.6.s.3|18|1|2380|alpino_lc|2067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.6.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.7.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.8.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.8.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.9.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.9.s.2|10|1|390|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.10.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.10.s.2|7|1|240|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.11.s.1|12|1|620|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.11.s.2|14|1|460|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.12.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.13.s.1|19|1|6170|alpino_lc|2973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.13.s.2|16|1|1250|alpino_lc|1151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.13.s.3|7|1|200|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.1|24|1|1880|alpino_lc|853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.2|16|1|630|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.4|17|1|360|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.5|15|1|250|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.6|22|1|7230|alpino_lc|7822
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.7|33|1|2030|alpino_lc|1675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.8|20|1|2100|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.14.s.9|15|1|800|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.15.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.16.s.1|16|1|1920|alpino_lc|1311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.16.s.2|17|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.16.s.3|20|1|950|alpino_lc|433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.16.s.4|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.17.s.1|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.18.s.1|19|1|500|alpino_lc|284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.18.s.2|20|1|770|alpino_lc|580
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.18.s.3|12|1|400|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.18.s.4|17|1|540|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.19.s.1|18|1|600|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.19.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.19.s.3|15|1|950|alpino_lc|1340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.19.s.4|11|1|820|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.19.s.5|15|1|3030|alpino_lc|2653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.1|7|1|260|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.2|16|1|710|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.4|6|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.5|15|1|680|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.6|12|1|340|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.20.s.7|12|1|470|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.21.s.1|23|1|1770|alpino_lc|893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.21.s.2|18|1|1050|alpino_lc|765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.21.s.3|21|1|2230|alpino_lc|1000
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.21.s.4|19|1|1100|alpino_lc|977
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.22.s.1|7|1|210|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.22.s.2|12|1|550|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.22.s.3|11|1|430|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.22.s.4|19|1|410|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.22.s.5|17|1|500|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.2|17|1|380|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.3|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.4|17|1|370|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.5|11|1|740|alpino_lc|594
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.23.s.6|11|1|510|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.24.s.1|31|1|36290|alpino_lc|20845
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.24.s.2|9|1|290|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.24.s.3|26|1|35310|alpino_lc|12556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.24.s.4|12|1|580|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.25.s.1|19|1|940|alpino_lc|903
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.4|11|1|440|alpino_lc|442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.5|9|1|170|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.6|15|1|1590|alpino_lc|1675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.7|10|1|210|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.8|14|1|170|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.9|17|1|4190|alpino_lc|4244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.10|18|1|2560|alpino_lc|1981
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.11|16|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.12|11|1|710|alpino_lc|591
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.26.s.13|14|1|440|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.27.s.1|16|1|3400|alpino_lc|4683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.27.s.2|22|1|860|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.28.s.1|9|1|190|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.28.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.28.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.28.s.4|20|1|3680|alpino_lc|1648
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.28.s.5|15|1|670|alpino_lc|524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.29.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.30.s.1|11|1|410|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.30.s.2|14|1|410|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.30.s.3|28|1|7570|alpino_lc|815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.30.s.4|16|1|1400|alpino_lc|1969
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.30.s.5|15|1|1190|alpino_lc|741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.1|24|1|1870|alpino_lc|1509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.2|32|1|9590|alpino_lc|5522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.3|37|1|7200|alpino_lc|4753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.4|22|1|430|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.5|33|1|4240|alpino_lc|1940
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.6|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.7|13|1|950|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.31.s.8|25|1|1180|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.32.s.1|10|1|540|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.32.s.2|17|1|4940|alpino_lc|4701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.32.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.33.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.33.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.33.s.3|12|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.34.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.35.s.1|41|1|1680|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.35.s.2|18|1|340|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.35.s.3|24|1|2710|alpino_lc|913
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.35.s.4|31|1|3560|alpino_lc|1115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.36.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.37.s.1|14|1|970|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000201.p.38.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.1.s.1|12|1|440|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.2.s.1|9|1|290|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.3.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.5.s.1|26|1|540|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.5.s.2|23|1|670|alpino_lc|452
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.5.s.3|16|1|440|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.5.s.4|18|1|750|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.5.s.5|15|1|800|alpino_lc|711
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.6.s.1|31|1|23100|alpino_lc|18035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.6.s.2|9|1|300|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.6.s.3|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|738
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.7.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.7.s.2|8|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.8.s.1|15|1|390|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.8.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.8.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.8.s.4|15|1|2510|alpino_lc|1661
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.8.s.5|12|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.9.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.9.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.9.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.9.s.4|16|1|290|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.9.s.5|9|1|200|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.10.s.1|20|1|12760|alpino_lc|8895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.10.s.2|18|1|6530|alpino_lc|3631
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.1|18|1|950|alpino_lc|638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.2|24|1|6090|alpino_lc|2981
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.3|12|1|310|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.4|20|1|1530|alpino_lc|903
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.5|16|1|2470|alpino_lc|1520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.11.s.6|11|1|360|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.12.s.1|20|1|2880|alpino_lc|960
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.12.s.2|19|1|360|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.1|4|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.2|22|1|6710|alpino_lc|7278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.3|16|1|870|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.5|14|1|2050|alpino_lc|1397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.6|16|1|520|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.7|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.8|23|1|1550|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.9|14|1|980|alpino_lc|1029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.10|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.11|12|1|280|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.12|8|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.13|10|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.14|9|1|350|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.15|11|1|540|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.16|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.17|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.18|15|1|680|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.19|9|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.20|18|1|7270|alpino_lc|9838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.21|10|1|490|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.22|21|1|620|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.23|10|1|580|alpino_lc|555
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.24|5|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.25|21|1|680|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.26|5|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.27|19|1|450|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.28|10|1|560|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.29|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.30|8|1|330|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.13.s.31|8|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.14.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.15.s.1|22|1|1100|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.15.s.2|18|1|960|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.15.s.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.15.s.4|19|1|1340|alpino_lc|831
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.16.s.1|22|1|1980|alpino_lc|2268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.17.s.1|15|1|840|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.17.s.2|16|1|3640|alpino_lc|1380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.17.s.3|22|1|7130|alpino_lc|4652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.18.s.1|23|1|640|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.18.s.2|21|1|1610|alpino_lc|909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.18.s.3|29|1|206760|alpino_lc|21996
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.19.s.1|36|1|5420|alpino_lc|692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.19.s.2|18|1|520|alpino_lc|408
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.19.s.3|11|1|680|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.19.s.4|15|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.20.s.1|17|1|1170|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.21.s.1|13|1|910|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.22.s.1|12|1|830|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.22.s.2|13|1|500|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.22.s.3|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.22.s.4|22|1|370|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.23.s.1|22|1|11430|alpino_lc|7588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.1|40|1|4530|alpino_lc|3235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.2|13|1|200|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.4|10|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.5|22|1|530|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.24.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.1|17|1|300|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.3|10|1|220|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.4|10|1|190|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.5|10|1|460|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.6|18|1|1580|alpino_lc|1895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.7|8|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.8|26|1|920|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.9|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.10|11|1|1020|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.11|4|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.12|10|1|290|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.13|16|1|280|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.14|11|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.15|12|1|1580|alpino_lc|1438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.16|20|1|690|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.25.s.17|15|1|1680|alpino_lc|1516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.1|16|1|650|alpino_lc|574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.3|22|1|2820|alpino_lc|1438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.4|11|1|700|alpino_lc|350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.5|10|1|350|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.26.s.6|13|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.2|10|1|360|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.3|12|1|340|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.5|15|1|480|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.6|10|1|220|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.7|19|1|750|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.8|16|1|640|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.9|8|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.10|17|1|1320|alpino_lc|1596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.11|17|1|920|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.27.s.12|5|1|190|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.3|22|1|3840|alpino_lc|3507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.4|32|1|720|alpino_lc|753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.5|10|1|1110|alpino_lc|1018
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.28.s.6|17|1|470|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.29.s.1|18|1|1650|alpino_lc|1220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.29.s.2|11|1|640|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.30.s.1|16|1|2940|alpino_lc|1857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.31.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.32.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.33.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.34.s.1|14|1|940|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.35.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.36.s.1|23|1|5240|alpino_lc|5043
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.36.s.2|11|1|410|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.36.s.3|23|1|3740|alpino_lc|2067
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.36.s.4|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|863
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000202.p.37.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.1.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.2.s.1|12|1|9930|alpino_lc|1203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.3.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.1|27|1|610|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.2|15|1|380|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.3|14|1|180|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.4|38|1|7360|alpino_lc|1354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.5|7|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.5.s.6|41|1|3910|alpino_lc|1537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.1|19|1|550|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.4|25|1|2220|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.5|12|1|460|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.6|20|1|460|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.7|16|1|610|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.8|13|1|160|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.9|15|1|700|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.10|15|1|510|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.11|12|1|240|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.12|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.13.1|21|1|300|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.13.2|9|1|440|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.6.s.14|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.7.s.1|30|1|1310|alpino_lc|470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.8.s.1|18|1|850|alpino_lc|521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.8.s.2|13|1|460|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.8.s.3|19|1|1740|alpino_lc|1401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.9.s.1|20|1|2670|alpino_lc|2897
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.9.s.2|22|1|8500|alpino_lc|3005
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.9.s.3|24|1|16670|alpino_lc|24440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.9.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.9.s.5|10|1|330|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.10.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.11.s.1|17|1|13230|alpino_lc|5799
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.11.s.2|14|1|520|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.11.s.3|13|1|550|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.11.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.11.s.5|20|1|5820|alpino_lc|2454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.12.s.1|19|1|2460|alpino_lc|2504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.12.s.2|9|1|310|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.12.s.3|10|1|1190|alpino_lc|931
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.13.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.1|30|1|3920|alpino_lc|1372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.3|29|1|28300|alpino_lc|28032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.4|14|1|1350|alpino_lc|1031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.5|12|1|520|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.14.s.6|16|1|370|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.15.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.4|6|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.5|10|1|170|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.6|15|1|470|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.7|12|1|380|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.16.s.8|7|1|180|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.4|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|1392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.5|9|1|410|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.6|15|1|340|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.7|9|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.8|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|975
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.17.s.9|10|1|110|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.1|15|1|3780|alpino_lc|3997
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.4|15|1|390|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.5|13|1|620|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.18.s.6|12|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.1|14|1|750|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.2|15|1|530|alpino_lc|990
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.3|13|1|820|alpino_lc|826
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.4|10|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.5|10|1|360|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.6|11|1|400|alpino_lc|661
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.19.s.7|9|1|260|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.20.s.1|28|1|860|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.20.s.2|18|1|540|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.20.s.3|23|1|12670|alpino_lc|7908
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.1|11|1|430|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.2|15|1|300|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.3|10|1|1160|alpino_lc|991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.4|13|1|660|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.21.s.6|22|1|540|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.22.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.22.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.23.s.1|20|1|1370|alpino_lc|813
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.24.s.1|35|1|9850|alpino_lc|2261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.25.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.26.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.27.s.1|14|1|760|alpino_lc|647
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.28.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.29.s.1|40|1|15040|alpino_lc|7241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.29.s.2|14|1|1020|alpino_lc|868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.30.s.1|19|1|600|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.30.s.2|16|1|230|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.30.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.30.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.30.s.5|27|1|4620|alpino_lc|1113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.31.s.1|21|1|1020|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.31.s.2|25|1|2300|alpino_lc|958
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.32.s.1|19|1|540|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.32.s.2|10|1|1760|alpino_lc|1533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.33.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.33.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.1|15|1|1540|alpino_lc|1420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.2|7|1|210|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.3|13|1|1640|alpino_lc|1364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.4|4|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.5|9|1|740|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.34.s.6|15|1|400|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.35.s.1|17|1|6440|alpino_lc|4387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.35.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.35.s.3|27|1|1430|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.36.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.36.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.37.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.38.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.39.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.40.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.40.s.2|25|1|2880|alpino_lc|1198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.41.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.42.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.43.s.1|19|1|6680|alpino_lc|2450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.43.s.2.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.43.s.2.2|15|1|400|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.43.s.2.3|14|1|910|alpino_lc|714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000203.p.43.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.1.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.2.s.1|11|1|410|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.3.s.1|13|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.5.s.1_p.6.s.1|15|1|410|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.7.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.8.s.1_p.10.s.1|19|1|640|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.11.s.1_p.12.s.1|19|1|800|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.13.s.1_p.14.s.1|18|1|340|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.15.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.1|18|1|2850|alpino_lc|3776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.2|17|1|500|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.5|16|1|850|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.6|19|1|1570|alpino_lc|1146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.7.1|30|1|5700|alpino_lc|3072
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.7.2|29|1|7050|alpino_lc|5831
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.7.3|19|1|5900|alpino_lc|1615
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.8|13|1|350|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.16.s.9|10|1|150|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.17.s.1_p.21.s.1|37|1|20760|alpino_lc|3055
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.22.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.23.s.1_p.24.s.1|15|1|900|alpino_lc|543
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.25.s.1_p.26.s.1|21|1|2820|alpino_lc|4163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.27.s.1|15|1|1980|alpino_lc|1037
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.28.s.1|21|1|660|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.28.s.2|22|1|740|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.28.s.3|14|1|350|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.29.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.29.s.2|17|1|240|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.30.s.1_p.31.s.1|18|1|580|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.32.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.33.s.1|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.33.s.2|23|1|2060|alpino_lc|605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.33.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.33.s.4|24|1|4750|alpino_lc|1902
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.34.s.1_p.36.s.1|22|1|1230|alpino_lc|759
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.37.s.1_p.39.s.1|31|1|10810|alpino_lc|7352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.40.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.41.s.1|23|1|14150|alpino_lc|10820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.42.s.1_p.44.s.1|17|1|610|alpino_lc|422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.45.s.1_p.47.s.1|29|1|24600|alpino_lc|21018
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.48.s.1|13|1|610|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.48.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.48.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.49.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.49.s.2|16|1|570|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.50.s.1|11|1|490|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.50.s.2|19|1|1100|alpino_lc|795
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.50.s.3|18|1|2290|alpino_lc|1368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.51.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.52.s.1|11|1|800|alpino_lc|802
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.53.s.1_p.55.s.1|25|1|2940|alpino_lc|2297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.56.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.57.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000204.p.58.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.1.s.1|22|1|5110|alpino_lc|633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.1|29|1|1300|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.2|14|1|430|alpino_lc|485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.3|21|1|1500|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.4|13|1|820|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.5|22|1|2480|alpino_lc|2475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.2.s.6|13|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.3.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.4.s.1|25|1|930|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.4.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.4.s.3|16|1|370|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.4.s.4|22|1|3270|alpino_lc|2128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.5.s.1.1|12|1|530|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.5.s.1.2|19|1|540|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.5.s.1.3|12|1|570|alpino_lc|479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.5.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.6.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.6.s.2|20|1|4410|alpino_lc|6982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.6.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.3|21|1|900|alpino_lc|1193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.5|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.6|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.7|10|1|1630|alpino_lc|2466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.8|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.9|15|1|580|alpino_lc|519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.8.s.10|11|1|680|alpino_lc|909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.9.s.1|22|1|330|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.10.s.1|19|1|1390|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.10.s.2|15|1|3880|alpino_lc|2326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.10.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.10.s.4|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.10.s.5|29|1|8600|alpino_lc|4782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.11.s.1|32|1|6090|alpino_lc|7376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.11.s.2|4|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.11.s.3|18|1|290|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.12.s.1|16|1|950|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.12.s.2|15|1|1530|alpino_lc|1297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.12.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.12.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.13.s.1|21|1|9600|alpino_lc|2944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.14.s.1|17|1|800|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.14.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.14.s.3|13|1|580|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.1|12|1|640|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.2|16|1|4260|alpino_lc|3924
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.5|11|1|240|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.6|14|1|1490|alpino_lc|1201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.7|10|1|420|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.15.s.8|21|1|2220|alpino_lc|1008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.16.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.16.s.2|18|1|2870|alpino_lc|2500
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.16.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.16.s.4|18|1|540|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.17.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.18.s.1|20|1|610|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.18.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.18.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.19.s.1|26|1|2450|alpino_lc|1469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.19.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.19.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.19.s.4|18|1|280|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.20.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.20.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.20.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.20.s.4|14|1|870|alpino_lc|572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.20.s.5|16|1|530|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.1|13|1|1320|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.2|17|1|2620|alpino_lc|1729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.4|11|1|520|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.5|9|1|770|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.6|13|1|390|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.7|7|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.21.s.8|7|1|180|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.2|9|1|290|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.4|9|1|370|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.5|9|1|180|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.22.s.6|11|1|430|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.23.s.1|18|1|1980|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.23.s.2|14|1|1870|alpino_lc|1066
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.23.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.23.s.4|27|1|620|alpino_lc|538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.23.s.5|21|1|1180|alpino_lc|951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.24.s.1|26|1|11700|alpino_lc|5404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.24.s.2|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.24.s.3|21|1|18440|alpino_lc|7196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.24.s.4|11|1|550|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.25.s.1|17|1|330|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.26.s.1|21|1|760|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.26.s.2|11|1|390|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.26.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.26.s.4|9|1|230|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.26.s.5|16|1|550|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.1|26|1|3200|alpino_lc|981
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.2|13|1|500|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.3|9|1|590|alpino_lc|409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.6|9|1|280|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.7|21|1|21260|alpino_lc|17326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.8|10|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.9|11|1|210|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.10|6|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.11|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.12|13|1|220|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.27.s.13|22|1|2610|alpino_lc|1851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.28.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.28.s.2|16|1|1950|alpino_lc|3817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.28.s.3|17|1|500|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.28.s.4|20|1|3320|alpino_lc|2887
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.28.s.5|6|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.29.s.1|10|1|560|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.30.s.1|32|1|8260|alpino_lc|3890
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.30.s.2|20|1|800|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.30.s.3|17|1|630|alpino_lc|450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.31.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.31.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.31.s.3|27|1|6700|alpino_lc|8930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.31.s.4|17|1|1240|alpino_lc|670
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.2|14|1|440|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.4|19|1|280|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.5|13|1|350|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.32.s.6|11|1|1010|alpino_lc|439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.33.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.33.s.2|10|1|760|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.33.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.34.s.1|22|1|660|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.35.s.1|41|1|9630|alpino_lc|3560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.36.s.1|34|1|5130|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.36.s.2|18|1|630|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.36.s.3|13|1|530|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.36.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.37.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.38.s.1|15|1|370|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.38.s.2|15|1|4510|alpino_lc|2382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.38.s.3|16|1|1350|alpino_lc|774
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.39.s.1|29|1|8770|alpino_lc|4805
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.40.s.1|15|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.40.s.2|19|1|17490|alpino_lc|6837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.41.s.1|15|1|770|alpino_lc|658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000205.p.41.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.1.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.2.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.3.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.4.s.1|5|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.5.s.1|24|1|1810|alpino_lc|1589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.5.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.5.s.3|22|1|6790|alpino_lc|2901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.6.s.1|24|1|11280|alpino_lc|4798
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.7.s.1|15|1|550|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.7.s.2|22|1|2520|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.8.s.1|35|1|17060|alpino_lc|3435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.9.s.1|21|1|980|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.10.s.1|22|1|670|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.1|33|1|1160|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.2|16|1|1270|alpino_lc|739
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.5|9|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.6|15|1|670|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.7|11|1|220|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.8|5|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.9|24|1|2780|alpino_lc|1743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.10|13|1|470|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.11|20|1|1780|alpino_lc|1584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.12|26|1|15000|alpino_lc|14788
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.13|4|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.14|14|1|970|alpino_lc|1313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.15|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.16|11|1|1030|alpino_lc|479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.17|14|1|630|alpino_lc|639
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.18|19|1|630|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.19|14|1|290|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.20|12|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.21|25|1|16670|alpino_lc|3583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.22|19|1|450|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.23|24|1|1570|alpino_lc|1601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.24|14|1|360|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.25|15|1|510|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.26|20|1|860|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.27|13|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.28|18|1|520|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.29|9|1|190|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.30|12|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.31|9|1|380|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.32|6|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.33|10|1|380|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.34|8|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.35|17|1|710|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.36|18|1|1240|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.37|8|1|170|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.38|19|1|530|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.39|13|1|410|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.40|14|1|140|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.41|6|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.42|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.11.s.43|9|1|130|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.12.s.1|28|1|1050|alpino_lc|912
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.12.s.2|29|1|2350|alpino_lc|1921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.12.s.3|13|1|320|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.13.s.1|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.13.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.13.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.13.s.4|22|1|2660|alpino_lc|1470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.1|21|1|310|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.2|23|1|3350|alpino_lc|2353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.3|20|1|590|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.4|14|1|580|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.5|15|1|720|alpino_lc|552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.6|15|1|960|alpino_lc|785
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.7|14|1|430|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.8|16|1|3150|alpino_lc|2099
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.9|28|1|7640|alpino_lc|2727
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.10|16|1|230|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.14.s.11|10|1|170|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.15.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.15.s.2|18|1|600|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.15.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.15.s.4|14|1|280|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.16.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.16.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.16.s.3|17|1|780|alpino_lc|699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.16.s.4|20|1|3520|alpino_lc|1683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.17.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.17.s.2|21|1|940|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.1|27|1|4420|alpino_lc|6014
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.2|13|1|590|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.3|24|1|3340|alpino_lc|2238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.4|18|1|540|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.5|20|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.6|12|1|570|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.7|16|1|1050|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.8|12|1|300|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.9|9|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.10|12|1|210|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.11|11|1|210|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.12|16|1|930|alpino_lc|532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.18.s.13|24|1|2670|alpino_lc|1898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.19.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.20.s.1|26|1|2280|alpino_lc|829
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.20.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.20.s.3|21|1|530|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.20.s.4|11|1|370|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.20.s.5|17|1|590|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.1|21|1|580|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.3|13|1|1300|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.4|13|1|1290|alpino_lc|616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.5|10|1|280|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.21.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.22.s.1|24|1|7140|alpino_lc|3196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.22.s.2|12|1|2510|alpino_lc|1625
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.22.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.22.s.4|10|1|200|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.22.s.5|22|1|7080|alpino_lc|7199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.23.s.1|15|1|450|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.23.s.2|25|1|2890|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.23.s.3_p.24.s.1.1|25|1|890|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.24.s.1.2|24|1|950|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.25.s.1|13|1|680|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.25.s.2|16|1|910|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.25.s.3|10|1|680|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.25.s.4|18|1|1410|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.25.s.5|20|1|890|alpino_lc|450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.26.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.1|16|1|700|alpino_lc|1244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.4|12|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.5|15|1|770|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.27.s.6|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.28.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.29.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.30.s.1|16|1|2320|alpino_lc|1776
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.30.s.2|9|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.2|20|1|9440|alpino_lc|4492
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.3|15|1|250|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.4|14|1|440|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.5|15|1|510|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.31.s.6|11|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.32.s.1|30|1|1310|alpino_lc|748
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.33.s.1|17|1|780|alpino_lc|535
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.33.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.1|16|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.3|10|1|380|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.4|8|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.5.1|18|1|950|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.5.2|16|1|530|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.6|12|1|570|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.7|6|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.8|10|1|420|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.9|15|1|240|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.10|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.34.s.11|9|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.35.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.36.s.1|35|1|7960|alpino_lc|1668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.37.s.1|19|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.37.s.2|19|1|1420|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.37.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.38.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.38.s.2|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.38.s.3|8|1|260|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.38.s.4|14|1|640|alpino_lc|690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000206.p.38.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.1.s.1.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.1.s.1.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.1.s.1.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.3.s.1|15|1|580|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.3.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.3.s.3|23|1|1660|alpino_lc|1081
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.3.s.4|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|882
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.3.s.5|7|1|250|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.4.s.1|27|1|5550|alpino_lc|2483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.4.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.5.s.1|12|1|1440|alpino_lc|2129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.5.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.5.s.3|11|1|420|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.5.s.4|13|1|1470|alpino_lc|575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.5.s.5|8|1|310|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.2|9|1|590|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.3|15|1|770|alpino_lc|825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.4|18|1|460|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.5|10|1|260|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.6.s.6|11|1|310|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.7.s.1|27|1|2120|alpino_lc|1310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.7.s.2|19|1|1350|alpino_lc|614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.7.s.3|15|1|260|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.8.s.1|18|1|2180|alpino_lc|1581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.8.s.2|16|1|750|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.8.s.3|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.8.s.4|7|1|330|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.9.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.9.s.2|14|1|500|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.10.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.10.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.10.s.3|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|766
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.11.s.1|14|1|2910|alpino_lc|2025
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.11.s.2|22|1|670|alpino_lc|646
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.11.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.11.s.4|19|1|3800|alpino_lc|2114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.12.s.1|21|1|660|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.12.s.2|19|1|880|alpino_lc|778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.12.s.3|8|1|360|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.13.s.1|16|1|2100|alpino_lc|2169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.13.s.2|9|1|530|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.14.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.15.s.1|27|1|840|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.16.s.1|17|1|2950|alpino_lc|1783
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.16.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.17.s.1|22|1|480|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.17.s.2|10|1|360|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.17.s.3|7|1|360|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.17.s.4|6|1|310|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.17.s.5|29|1|570|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.18.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.3|21|1|2250|alpino_lc|1193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.4|17|1|500|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.6|8|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.7|15|1|2210|alpino_lc|1243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.8|23|1|3690|alpino_lc|3031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.9|14|1|320|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.10|20|1|2500|alpino_lc|1971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.11|15|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.12|12|1|210|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.13|20|1|590|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.14|18|1|360|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.19.s.15|9|1|470|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.20.s.1|22|1|1590|alpino_lc|860
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.20.s.2|15|1|3520|alpino_lc|2912
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.20.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.21.s.1|15|1|760|alpino_lc|570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.21.s.2|25|1|2200|alpino_lc|2241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.21.s.3|15|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.22.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.22.s.2|18|1|1370|alpino_lc|689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.23.s.1|17|1|3050|alpino_lc|2384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.23.s.2|14|1|1490|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.23.s.3|19|1|1650|alpino_lc|1311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.23.s.4|12|1|340|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.23.s.5|14|1|280|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.24.s.1|15|1|330|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.25.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.26.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.2|11|1|470|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.3|14|1|560|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.4|13|1|930|alpino_lc|761
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.5|22|1|5440|alpino_lc|1571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.27.s.6|12|1|420|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.28.s.1|18|1|3470|alpino_lc|2701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.28.s.2|9|1|390|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.28.s.3|9|1|300|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.28.s.4|19|1|1960|alpino_lc|2378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.28.s.5|15|1|630|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.29.s.1|11|1|640|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.29.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.29.s.3|26|1|1050|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.30.s.1|11|1|380|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.1|26|1|6560|alpino_lc|3138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.2|7|1|630|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.3|16|1|690|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.4|10|1|490|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.5|13|1|1880|alpino_lc|1308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.6|19|1|760|alpino_lc|628
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.31.s.7|12|1|160|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.1|23|1|660|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.2|14|1|450|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.3|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.5|24|1|3800|alpino_lc|1128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.32.s.6|21|1|2310|alpino_lc|1400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.33.s.1|16|1|850|alpino_lc|781
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.33.s.2|8|1|410|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.33.s.3|15|1|250|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.33.s.4|28|1|2500|alpino_lc|1125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.34.s.1|20|1|790|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.35.s.1|20|1|2310|alpino_lc|1911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.35.s.2|13|1|240|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.35.s.3|23|1|2130|alpino_lc|870
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.35.s.4|14|1|1800|alpino_lc|2301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.1|14|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.3|16|1|890|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.4|17|1|680|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.5|26|1|1770|alpino_lc|1078
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.6|13|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.7|15|1|160|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.8|17|1|1360|alpino_lc|1349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.9|19|1|790|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.10|16|1|720|alpino_lc|590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.11|16|1|500|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.12|23|1|1450|alpino_lc|602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.36.s.13|17|1|8580|alpino_lc|3306
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.3|12|1|890|alpino_lc|622
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.4|13|1|1700|alpino_lc|1608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.5|23|1|19410|alpino_lc|25653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.6|20|1|330|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.37.s.7|8|1|80|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.38.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.39.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.39.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|878
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.40.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.40.s.2|12|1|4290|alpino_lc|3703
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.40.s.3|9|1|350|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.40.s.4|20|1|1340|alpino_lc|1038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.40.s.5|6|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.41.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.41.s.2|12|1|700|alpino_lc|595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.41.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.41.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.42.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.43.s.1|14|1|570|alpino_lc|378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.43.s.2|16|1|800|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.43.s.3|12|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000207.p.43.s.4|14|1|480|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.1.s.1|31|1|3620|alpino_lc|1548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.1.s.1.1|8|1|410|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.1.s.1.2|9|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.1.s.1.3|13|1|580|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.2.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.3.s.1|24|1|760|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.3.s.2|9|1|540|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.3.s.3|22|1|490|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.3.s.4|11|1|1920|alpino_lc|2154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.4.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.4.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.5.s.1|21|1|720|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.5.s.2|21|1|540|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.5.s.3|8|1|560|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.5.s.4|25|1|1110|alpino_lc|1149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.6.s.1|11|1|310|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.6.s.2|19|1|540|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.6.s.3|29|1|1080|alpino_lc|751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.6.s.4|19|1|1420|alpino_lc|1253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.1|25|1|4460|alpino_lc|4385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.3|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|808
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.4|15|1|1250|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.6|12|1|560|alpino_lc|822
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.7|19|1|3940|alpino_lc|2778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.8|12|1|310|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.9|12|1|200|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.10|9|1|160|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.11|18|1|2010|alpino_lc|1849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.12|20|1|390|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.13|28|1|2390|alpino_lc|1697
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.7.s.14|18|1|630|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.8.s.1|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.8.s.2|16|1|620|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.8.s.3|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.8.s.4|23|1|7880|alpino_lc|8537
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.8.s.5|19|1|350|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.9.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.9.s.2.1|14|1|590|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.9.s.2.2|19|1|1520|alpino_lc|836
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.9.s.3|25|1|2930|alpino_lc|1563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.1|16|1|350|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.3|19|1|830|alpino_lc|519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.4|11|1|1070|alpino_lc|760
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.5|8|1|200|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.6|8|1|260|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.10.s.7|6|1|90|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.11.s.1|25|1|6450|alpino_lc|3438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.11.s.2|18|1|900|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.11.s.3|12|1|530|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.11.s.4|9|1|420|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.12.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.1|13|1|4290|alpino_lc|1523
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.2|15|1|280|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.3|17|1|280|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.4|17|1|510|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.6|12|1|250|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.7|11|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.8|12|1|810|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.13.s.9|6|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.14.s.1|22|1|1210|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.15.s.1|33|1|2370|alpino_lc|1642
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.15.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.15.s.3|10|1|300|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.16.s.1|19|1|3870|alpino_lc|4478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.17.s.1|24|1|710|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.17.s.2|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.17.s.3|23|1|860|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.2|27|1|11410|alpino_lc|6251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.3|16|1|660|alpino_lc|899
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.4|18|1|7430|alpino_lc|4800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.5|22|1|9510|alpino_lc|4339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.18.s.6|20|1|870|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.19.s.1|12|1|710|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.19.s.2|6|1|220|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.20.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.20.s.2|20|1|460|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.20.s.3|24|1|1330|alpino_lc|484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.20.s.4|18|1|620|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.20.s.5|20|1|340|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.21.s.1|13|1|1110|alpino_lc|828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.21.s.2|6|1|200|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.21.s.3|11|1|530|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.21.s.4|36|1|800|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.22.s.1|21|1|600|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.23.s.1|20|1|2410|alpino_lc|2282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.23.s.2|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.24.s.1|18|1|510|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.24.s.2|14|1|610|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.24.s.3|22|1|2740|alpino_lc|1412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.24.s.4|16|1|2560|alpino_lc|2140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.24.s.5|32|1|1310|alpino_lc|867
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.25.s.1|14|1|1800|alpino_lc|1643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.25.s.2|7|1|270|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.25.s.3|19|1|440|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.25.s.4|11|1|690|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.25.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.26.s.1|14|1|490|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.26.s.2|24|1|1670|alpino_lc|2804
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.26.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.2|15|1|1450|alpino_lc|1018
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.4|15|1|510|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.5.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.5.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.5.3|5|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.6.1|16|1|510|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.6.2|14|1|380|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.6.2_herwerkt|14|1|370|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.6.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.7|34|1|1460|alpino_lc|1540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.7.1|16|1|270|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.7.2|18|1|890|alpino_lc|1505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.8|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.9.1|17|1|920|alpino_lc|1134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.9.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.10|8|1|190|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.11.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.11.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.11.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.12|11|1|260|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.13|12|1|760|alpino_lc|1526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.14|13|1|510|alpino_lc|462
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.27.s.15|3|1|40|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.28.s.1|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|987
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.29.s.1|9|1|340|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.29.s.2|13|1|630|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.29.s.3|16|1|840|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.29.s.4|10|1|260|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.30.s.1|9|1|690|alpino_lc|719
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.30.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.30.s.3|13|1|660|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.30.s.4|11|1|190|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.31.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.31.s.2_confer_21.4|34|1|860|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.31.s.3_confer_23.1|20|1|2400|alpino_lc|2282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.31.s.4_confer_23.2|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.32.s.1_confer_24.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.32.s.2|22|1|750|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.33.s.1|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.33.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.33.s.3|17|1|880|alpino_lc|1185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.33.s.4|15|1|390|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000208.p.33.s.5|15|1|1500|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.1.s.1.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.1.s.1.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.1.s.1.3|11|1|430|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.2.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.1|8|1|250|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.2|14|1|1540|alpino_lc|1564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.4|21|1|3340|alpino_lc|1967
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.5|15|1|2550|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.6|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|891
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.3.s.7|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.4.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.4.s.2|22|1|3230|alpino_lc|1730
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.5.s.1|14|1|1080|alpino_lc|1188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.5.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.5.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.6.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.6.s.2|25|1|1150|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.6.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.6.s.4|8|1|160|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.7.s.1|12|1|740|alpino_lc|678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.8.s.1|12|1|670|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.8.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.9.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.9.s.2|14|1|960|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.9.s.3|19|1|440|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.9.s.4|20|1|700|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.9.s.5|25|1|6130|alpino_lc|4909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.2|12|1|570|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.3|8|1|340|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.5|9|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.7|7|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.8|4|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.9|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.10.s.10|6|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.11.s.1|21|1|3020|alpino_lc|905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.11.s.2|37|1|20910|alpino_lc|23204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.11.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.12.s.1|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.12.s.2|8|1|440|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.12.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.13.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.14.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.15.s.1|20|1|340|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.15.s.2|12|1|480|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.15.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.15.s.4|15|1|2520|alpino_lc|1982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.15.s.5|10|1|120|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.1|10|1|270|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.3|26|1|23130|alpino_lc|6297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.16.s.6|26|1|3100|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.17.s.1|17|1|1900|alpino_lc|645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.17.s.2|23|1|11980|alpino_lc|6039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.17.s.3|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.17.s.4|12|1|200|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.18.s.1|23|1|9010|alpino_lc|8049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.18.s.2|23|1|490|alpino_lc|348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.18.s.3|16|1|540|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.18.s.4|10|1|390|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.18.s.5|13|1|1220|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.19.s.1|14|1|1520|alpino_lc|1353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.19.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.19.s.3|24|1|8460|alpino_lc|2879
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.19.s.4|20|1|710|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.20.s.1|13|1|520|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.21.s.1|20|1|3610|alpino_lc|3650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.21.s.2|17|1|1340|alpino_lc|381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.21.s.3|14|1|1340|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.21.s.4|32|1|10290|alpino_lc|2745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.21.s.5|10|1|240|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.2|17|1|3110|alpino_lc|1138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.3|18|1|460|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.4|9|1|340|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.5|12|1|350|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.6|20|1|6440|alpino_lc|2170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.7|15|1|350|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.8|16|1|3640|alpino_lc|2229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.9|13|1|880|alpino_lc|1135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.10|12|1|250|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.11|19|1|7460|alpino_lc|7327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.22.s.12|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.23.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.23.s.2|13|1|500|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.23.s.3|12|1|440|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.23.s.4|21|1|1500|alpino_lc|1007
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.23.s.5|21|1|820|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.24.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.24.s.2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.24.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.24.s.4|23|1|1830|alpino_lc|702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.25.s.1|28|1|23340|alpino_lc|2942
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.25.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.25.s.3|12|1|560|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.25.s.4|9|1|560|alpino_lc|624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.25.s.5|15|1|1950|alpino_lc|1378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.3|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.4|13|1|1100|alpino_lc|886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.5|18|1|940|alpino_lc|561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.7.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.7.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.8|11|1|550|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.9.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.9.2|21|1|2040|alpino_lc|1455
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.10|12|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.26.s.11|19|1|2980|alpino_lc|1881
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.27.s.1|19|1|2370|alpino_lc|1744
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.28.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.28.s.2|21|1|1330|alpino_lc|1569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000209.p.28.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.1.s.1.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.1.s.1.2|5|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.1.s.1.3|5|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.2.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.3.s.1|23|1|12310|alpino_lc|8652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.3.s.2|7|1|280|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.3.s.3|10|1|410|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.3.s.4|13|1|620|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.4.s.1|21|1|7620|alpino_lc|2387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.1|18|1|470|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.3.1|6|1|510|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.3.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.4|42|1|107180|alpino_lc|8384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.5|41|1|7810|alpino_lc|2479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.5.s.6|19|1|650|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.6.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.1|17|1|530|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.2|20|1|580|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.3|7|1|310|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.4|8|1|370|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.5|16|1|690|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.7.s.6|13|1|280|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.8.s.1|14|1|680|alpino_lc|722
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.8.s.2|13|1|320|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.8.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.9.s.1|23|1|3260|alpino_lc|1851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.9.s.2|19|1|1290|alpino_lc|1137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.10.s.1|21|1|8190|alpino_lc|3169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.10.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.11.s.1|27|1|11700|alpino_lc|14594
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.11.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.12.s.1|11|1|350|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.12.s.2|21|1|1250|alpino_lc|724
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.3|14|1|180|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.4.1|8|1|210|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.4.2|15|1|520|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.4.3|16|1|430|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.4.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.5|5|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.13.s.7|14|1|560|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.14.s.1|28|1|2150|alpino_lc|2235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.14.s.2|13|1|5350|alpino_lc|2749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.14.s.3|15|1|370|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.14.s.4|14|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.15.s.1|7|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.16.s.1|16|1|680|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.16.s.2|16|1|690|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.16.s.3|8|1|390|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.16.s.4|25|1|710|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.17.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|269
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.2|19|1|430|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.3|8|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.4|18|1|520|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.5|7|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.18.s.6|23|1|3310|alpino_lc|1974
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.19.s.1|15|1|250|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.19.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.19.s.3|17|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.19.s.4|11|1|630|alpino_lc|913
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.19.s.5|13|1|710|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.20.s.1|17|1|1680|alpino_lc|1172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.20.s.2|17|1|270|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.2|11|1|390|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.4|23|1|2930|alpino_lc|1573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.5|11|1|200|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.21.s.6|9|1|260|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.22.s.1|14|1|2020|alpino_lc|1506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.22.s.2|18|1|540|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.22.s.3|39|1|1580|alpino_lc|690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.22.s.4|16|1|1430|alpino_lc|954
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.23.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.23.s.2|16|1|910|alpino_lc|1515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.24.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.24.s.2|19|1|490|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.24.s.3|17|1|2790|alpino_lc|1720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.24.s.4|22|1|14200|alpino_lc|9871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.24.s.5|15|1|220|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.1|11|1|1270|alpino_lc|797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.2|13|1|210|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.3|19|1|330|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.4|21|1|700|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.5|13|1|820|alpino_lc|869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.6|8|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.7|6|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.8|4|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.9|22|1|2210|alpino_lc|1423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.10|15|1|640|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.11|17|1|240|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.12|9|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.13|7|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.14|11|1|420|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.15|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.16|17|1|1450|alpino_lc|1463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.17|6|1|150|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.18|10|1|740|alpino_lc|657
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.19|15|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.20|22|1|2490|alpino_lc|1650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.21|7|1|170|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.22|19|1|320|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.23|14|1|210|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.24|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.25|8|1|400|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.26|18|1|790|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.27|8|1|180|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.28|19|1|2520|alpino_lc|1851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.29|19|1|2130|alpino_lc|1245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.30|25|1|3700|alpino_lc|1784
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.31|10|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.25.s.32|11|1|190|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.1|9|1|390|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.2|23|1|480|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.4|5|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.5|11|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.6|12|1|370|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.26.s.7|13|1|630|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.2|19|1|3310|alpino_lc|1418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.3|9|1|300|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.5|18|1|560|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.6|11|1|140|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.7|11|1|390|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.8|18|1|760|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.27.s.9|10|1|210|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.28.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.28.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.28.s.3|9|1|310|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.29.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.29.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.29.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.30.s.1|11|1|320|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.30.s.2|33|1|2990|alpino_lc|1374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.30.s.3|15|1|740|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.30.s.4|28|1|10780|alpino_lc|6950
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.1|19|1|1400|alpino_lc|1200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.2|24|1|4810|alpino_lc|937
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.3|25|1|1640|alpino_lc|1340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.4|24|1|540|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.5|16|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.6|11|1|360|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.7|18|1|480|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.8|25|1|18000|alpino_lc|2780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.31.s.9|15|1|610|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.32.s.1|14|1|2530|alpino_lc|718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.32.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.32.s.3|19|1|4470|alpino_lc|972
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.32.s.4|14|1|370|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.32.s.5|14|1|1210|alpino_lc|1154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.33.s.1|11|1|430|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.33.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.33.s.3|9|1|580|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.33.s.4|12|1|490|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.34.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.34.s.2|9|1|790|alpino_lc|634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.34.s.3|13|1|2520|alpino_lc|1796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.35.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.36.s.1|13|1|2110|alpino_lc|1991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.37.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.37.s.2|21|1|1080|alpino_lc|1157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000210.p.37.s.3|8|1|350|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.1.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.2.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.3.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.4.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.5.s.1|15|1|1550|alpino_lc|1442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.5.s.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.6.s.1|21|1|1760|alpino_lc|1230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.7.s.1|13|1|1230|alpino_lc|701
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.7.s.2|20|1|1910|alpino_lc|1614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.7.s.3|8|1|270|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.8.s.1|14|1|910|alpino_lc|706
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.8.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.9.s.1|25|1|1560|alpino_lc|678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.9.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.10.s.1|21|1|2170|alpino_lc|958
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.10.s.2|7|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.11.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.11.s.2|12|1|1230|alpino_lc|764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.11.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.12.s.1|16|1|600|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.13.s.1|14|1|350|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.13.s.2|13|1|390|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.14.s.1|24|1|4480|alpino_lc|2632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.14.s.2|11|1|1290|alpino_lc|767
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.14.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.15.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.15.s.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.15.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.15.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.15.s.5|4|1|60|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.16.s.1|13|1|1770|alpino_lc|1059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.16.s.2|21|1|3970|alpino_lc|1448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.16.s.3|11|1|260|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.16.s.4|15|1|670|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.1|23|1|5820|alpino_lc|834
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.2|17|1|2660|alpino_lc|1650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.3|18|1|1650|alpino_lc|839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.4|16|1|630|alpino_lc|682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.5|14|1|300|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.6|10|1|170|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.7|12|1|320|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.8|17|1|430|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.1|8|1|380|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.2|8|1|380|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.3|43|1|6690|alpino_lc|1422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.5|14|1|890|alpino_lc|698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.9.6|10|1|140|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.17.s.10|17|1|670|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.18.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.18.s.2|24|1|1570|alpino_lc|1764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.18.s.3|13|1|270|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.18.s.4|20|1|4650|alpino_lc|3878
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.19.s.1|13|1|830|alpino_lc|848
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.19.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.1|12|1|550|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.2|12|1|510|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.3|11|1|1330|alpino_lc|1005
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.4|14|1|810|alpino_lc|924
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.5|18|1|6660|alpino_lc|1609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.6|20|1|1650|alpino_lc|1546
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.20.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.21.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.21.s.2|27|1|700|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.22.s.1|17|1|2440|alpino_lc|652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.22.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.22.s.3|11|1|490|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.23.s.1|14|1|700|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.23.s.2|20|1|3260|alpino_lc|7063
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.24.s.1|17|1|780|alpino_lc|1123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.25.s.1|13|1|290|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.26.s.1|22|1|5730|alpino_lc|2507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.26.s.2|16|1|450|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.26.s.3|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|1509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.27.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.28.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.28.s.2|22|1|8380|alpino_lc|2717
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.28.s.3|12|1|410|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.28.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.29.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.4|12|1|300|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.5|11|1|380|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.6|9|1|230|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.7|8|1|350|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.30.s.8|10|1|240|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.31.s.1|20|1|1430|alpino_lc|1031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.31.s.2|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.32.s.1|19|1|1260|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.32.s.2|16|1|280|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.32.s.3|16|1|510|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.33.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.33.s.2|7|1|320|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000211.p.33.s.3|20|1|6670|alpino_lc|3059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.1.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.2.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.3.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.1|23|1|1020|alpino_lc|1144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.2|14|1|630|alpino_lc|583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.4|14|1|210|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.5|30|1|790|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.5.s.6|17|1|1730|alpino_lc|834
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.1|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.4|30|1|7330|alpino_lc|4453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.5|16|1|450|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.6|11|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.7|9|1|140|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.8|8|1|340|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.9|6|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.10|14|1|2090|alpino_lc|1614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.11|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.12|11|1|280|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.13|12|1|180|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.6.s.14|19|1|1460|alpino_lc|702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.7.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.7.s.2|20|1|380|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.8.s.1|16|1|270|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.8.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.8.s.3|11|1|260|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.8.s.4|12|1|290|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.8.s.5|17|1|290|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.2|9|1|470|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.4|17|1|600|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.5|9|1|560|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.6|16|1|340|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.7|5|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.8|9|1|380|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.9|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.10|12|1|440|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.11|7|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.12|21|1|890|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.9.s.13|14|1|270|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.10.s.1|10|1|760|alpino_lc|662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.10.s.2|14|1|1700|alpino_lc|1325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.10.s.3|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|550
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.11.s.1|10|1|810|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.11.s.2|14|1|450|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.12.s.1|30|1|2240|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.12.s.2|22|1|1770|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.12.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.13.s.1|21|1|1490|alpino_lc|863
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.13.s.2|18|1|1620|alpino_lc|1125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.14.s.1|34|1|20450|alpino_lc|3098
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.14.s.2|18|1|1660|alpino_lc|1850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.14.s.3|15|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.14.s.4_p.15.s.1.1|49|1|14600|alpino_lc|10187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.15.s.1.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.15.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.15.s.3|27|1|7320|alpino_lc|1900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.15.s.4|17|1|250|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.15.s.5|10|1|740|alpino_lc|569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.16.s.1|13|1|730|alpino_lc|750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.16.s.2|15|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.17.s.1|18|1|6020|alpino_lc|4459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.17.s.2|24|1|1340|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.17.s.3|23|1|21130|alpino_lc|4485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.17.s.4|13|1|660|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.18.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.18.s.2|14|1|730|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.19.s.1|21|1|420|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.20.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.21.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.21.s.2|20|1|1350|alpino_lc|1754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.22.s.1|20|1|2190|alpino_lc|1623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.22.s.2|14|1|600|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.22.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.22.s.4|21|1|440|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.22.s.5|13|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.23.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.23.s.2|13|1|280|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.24.s.1|18|1|2070|alpino_lc|960
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.24.s.2|27|1|6520|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.25.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.25.s.2|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.25.s.3|21|1|620|alpino_lc|435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.25.s.4|20|1|820|alpino_lc|423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.1|25|1|2760|alpino_lc|2916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.2|12|1|1430|alpino_lc|1243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.3|14|1|1350|alpino_lc|1411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.4|18|1|2060|alpino_lc|1769
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.5|12|1|780|alpino_lc|920
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.26.s.6|12|1|3470|alpino_lc|799
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.27.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.27.s.2|14|1|1020|alpino_lc|965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.27.s.3|11|1|580|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.27.s.4|7|1|450|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.27.s.5|27|1|21310|alpino_lc|9350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.28.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.28.s.2|16|1|570|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.1|17|1|890|alpino_lc|479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.3|15|1|5800|alpino_lc|6224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.5|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.29.s.6|13|1|1020|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.30.s.1|17|1|180|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.30.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.30.s.3|28|1|630|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.30.s.4|10|1|170|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.30.s.5|12|1|360|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.31.s.1|24|1|3670|alpino_lc|2672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.31.s.2|22|1|680|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.31.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.31.s.4|26|1|1230|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.31.s.5|10|1|370|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.32.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.32.s.2|23|1|9150|alpino_lc|2644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.32.s.3|22|1|4030|alpino_lc|1442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.1|11|1|270|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.2|23|1|5170|alpino_lc|6032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.3|10|1|250|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.4|13|1|1290|alpino_lc|1147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.5|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|670
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.7|36|1|8950|alpino_lc|6868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.8|13|1|410|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.9|25|1|1850|alpino_lc|844
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.10|17|1|1370|alpino_lc|1319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.11|8|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.12|6|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.13|10|1|220|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.14|17|1|2990|alpino_lc|1519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.33.s.15_herwerkt|32|1|7990|alpino_lc|6294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.34.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.35.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.36.s.1|14|1|940|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.37.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.2|9|1|170|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.3|12|1|200|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.4|20|1|650|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000212.p.38.s.6|11|1|1890|alpino_lc|3192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.1.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.2.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.3.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.5.s.1|20|1|770|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.5.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.5.s.3|10|1|630|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.6.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.6.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.7.s.1|9|1|740|alpino_lc|855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.8.s.1|9|1|400|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.8.s.2|7|1|620|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.9.s.1|13|1|1630|alpino_lc|2049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.9.s.2|15|1|470|alpino_lc|685
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.10.s.1|17|1|3070|alpino_lc|2519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.11.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.11.s.2|9|1|370|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.11.s.3|15|1|670|alpino_lc|762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.12.s.1|13|1|2210|alpino_lc|1954
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.12.s.2|15|1|2430|alpino_lc|2567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.12.s.3|15|1|300|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.1|10|1|720|alpino_lc|600
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.2|16|1|4360|alpino_lc|1176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.4|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.5|21|1|670|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.6|11|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.7|16|1|630|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.8|23|1|1460|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.9|16|1|480|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.10|9|1|160|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.11|9|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.12|10|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.13|19|1|8220|alpino_lc|8390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.14|20|1|1800|alpino_lc|540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.15|19|1|1370|alpino_lc|1299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.13.s.16|9|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.14.s.1|30|1|7210|alpino_lc|2842
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.15.s.1|37|1|5660|alpino_lc|2865
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.15.s.2|10|1|360|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.15.s.3|12|1|350|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.15.s.4|13|1|450|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.16.s.1|13|1|750|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.16.s.2|16|1|910|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.17.s.1|22|1|740|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.17.s.2|11|1|1540|alpino_lc|1020
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.17.s.3|20|1|7960|alpino_lc|3127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.17.s.4|20|1|1340|alpino_lc|862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.17.s.5|14|1|970|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.18.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.18.s.2|25|1|12060|alpino_lc|15283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.18.s.3|9|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.19.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.19.s.2|21|1|12340|alpino_lc|11302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.19.s.3|18|1|560|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.20.s.1|20|1|4380|alpino_lc|4892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.21.s.1|23|1|620|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.22.s.1|7|1|350|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.22.s.2|15|1|940|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.23.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.24.s.1|16|1|2550|alpino_lc|1597
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.24.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.25.s.1|15|1|1280|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.25.s.2|25|1|890|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.25.s.3|20|1|1730|alpino_lc|2000
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.25.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.2|14|1|290|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.3|19|1|960|alpino_lc|690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.4|15|1|1050|alpino_lc|1383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.5|9|1|250|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.6|11|1|190|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.7|12|1|2120|alpino_lc|1686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.26.s.8|12|1|660|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.27.s.1|25|1|2170|alpino_lc|2222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.27.s.2|21|1|2420|alpino_lc|1005
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.27.s.3|23|1|1350|alpino_lc|927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.27.s.4|26|1|2180|alpino_lc|1000
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.1|25|1|5910|alpino_lc|6002
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.3|9|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.4|15|1|570|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.5|11|1|260|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.28.s.6|25|1|5970|alpino_lc|2354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.1|21|1|5750|alpino_lc|10216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.2|13|1|500|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.5|12|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.29.s.6|15|1|1850|alpino_lc|2226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.30.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.2|18|1|440|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.3|22|1|34680|alpino_lc|8855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.4|11|1|820|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.5|14|1|450|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.31.s.6|14|1|690|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.32.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.33.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.33.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.33.s.3|19|1|480|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.34.s.1|4|1|150|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.34.s.2|5|1|230|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.34.s.3|6|1|170|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.34.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.34.s.5|14|1|450|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.35.s.1|25|1|2790|alpino_lc|564
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.35.s.2|7|1|140|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.35.s.3|18|1|460|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.36.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.36.s.2|10|1|440|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.36.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.36.s.4|18|1|530|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.36.s.5|28|1|820|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.37.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.37.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.38.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.38.s.2|14|1|240|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.2|13|1|180|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.3|10|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.5|18|1|2260|alpino_lc|1530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.39.s.6|15|1|260|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.40.s.1|21|1|2750|alpino_lc|2665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.40.s.2|16|1|380|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.40.s.3|14|1|900|alpino_lc|862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.40.s.4|28|1|3490|alpino_lc|2748
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.1|16|1|4700|alpino_lc|2621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.2|18|1|1870|alpino_lc|1383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.3.1|9|1|560|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.3.2|27|1|16860|alpino_lc|12322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.4|11|1|530|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.5|21|1|2040|alpino_lc|3133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.6|4|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.7|17|1|3170|alpino_lc|1794
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.8.1|32|1|24380|alpino_lc|7482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.8.2|17|1|520|alpino_lc|477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.9|17|1|240|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.10|14|1|840|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.41.s.11|13|1|350|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.42.s.1|19|1|980|alpino_lc|1638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.43.s.1|25|1|22280|alpino_lc|5195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.44.s.1|21|1|2530|alpino_lc|2180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.44.s.2|22|1|830|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.45.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.45.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.45.s.3|19|1|2470|alpino_lc|2593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.45.s.4|6|1|140|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.45.s.5|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.46.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.47.s.1|22|1|1120|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.47.s.2|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|942
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.48.s.1|19|1|9680|alpino_lc|3554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.1|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.2|16|1|490|alpino_lc|355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.4|17|1|470|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.5|9|1|350|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.6|10|1|210|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.49.s.7|14|1|960|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.50.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.51.s.1|22|1|17040|alpino_lc|8794
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.51.s.2|13|1|1220|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.52.s.1|16|1|980|alpino_lc|1258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.53.s.1|13|1|1260|alpino_lc|1166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.53.s.2|7|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.53.s.3|13|1|1610|alpino_lc|1364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.54.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.54.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.54.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.54.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.55.s.1|15|1|630|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.55.s.2|15|1|750|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.56.s.1|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|2284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.56.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.57.s.1|14|1|2090|alpino_lc|2200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.57.s.2|13|1|1060|alpino_lc|696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.57.s.3|16|1|910|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.57.s.4|17|1|770|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.57.s.5|10|1|210|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.58.s.1|12|1|1350|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.58.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.58.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.58.s.4|12|1|360|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000213.p.58.s.5|18|1|980|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.1.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.2.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.3.s.1|11|1|2650|alpino_lc|818
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.1|23|1|810|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.2|18|1|1110|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.3|18|1|1280|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.4|9|1|360|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.4.s.6|18|1|700|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.5.s.1|26|1|1370|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.5.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.5.s.3|18|1|560|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.6.s.1|13|1|390|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.6.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.6.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.7.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.8.s.1|12|1|420|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.8.s.2|17|1|470|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.8.s.3|9|1|380|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.9.s.1|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.9.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.9.s.3|10|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.9.s.4|17|1|970|alpino_lc|1113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.2|16|1|350|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.3|26|1|2920|alpino_lc|1278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.4|18|1|720|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.5|29|1|3620|alpino_lc|2439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.6|27|1|42590|alpino_lc|10893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.7|16|1|2690|alpino_lc|1652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.8|13|1|850|alpino_lc|759
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.9|12|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.11|13|1|740|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.12|19|1|8290|alpino_lc|6105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.13|8|1|550|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.14|21|1|1980|alpino_lc|1517
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.15|13|1|230|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.16|26|1|3390|alpino_lc|2222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.10.s.17|8|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.11.s.1|19|1|2260|alpino_lc|2836
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.11.s.2|24|1|2150|alpino_lc|2539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.11.s.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.11.s.4|24|1|400|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.1|13|1|1610|alpino_lc|1503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.2|15|1|450|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.4|9|1|780|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.5|11|1|370|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.6|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|904
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.7.1|18|1|6490|alpino_lc|5236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.7.2|30|1|8560|alpino_lc|1331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.8|27|1|1610|alpino_lc|1190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.9|15|1|250|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.12.s.10|18|1|680|alpino_lc|581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.13.s.1|21|1|1430|alpino_lc|1125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.14.s.1|24|1|810|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.14.s.2|35|1|58170|alpino_lc|9672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.15.s.1|9|1|490|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.15.s.2|15|1|360|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.15.s.3|26|1|6090|alpino_lc|4124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.16.s.1|25|1|3540|alpino_lc|3074
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.17.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.18.s.1|15|1|370|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.19.s.1|27|1|870|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.19.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.19.s.3|9|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.1|14|1|2160|alpino_lc|2772
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.2|14|1|4320|alpino_lc|3261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.3|16|1|370|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.4|15|1|410|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.5|14|1|1770|alpino_lc|614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.20.s.6|16|1|1160|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.21.s.1|10|1|330|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.21.s.2|15|1|320|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.21.s.3|16|1|1150|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.21.s.4|18|1|270|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.21.s.5|7|1|320|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.22.s.1|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.22.s.2|18|1|850|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.23.s.1|17|1|4040|alpino_lc|4434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.23.s.2|17|1|550|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.23.s.3|12|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.24.s.1|16|1|6170|alpino_lc|4937
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.25.s.1|19|1|1070|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.25.s.2|27|1|560|alpino_lc|603
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.25.s.3|22|1|28860|alpino_lc|41817
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.25.s.4|19|1|7010|alpino_lc|2150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.25.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.26.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.26.s.2|19|1|510|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.1|33|1|14620|alpino_lc|14929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.4|17|1|370|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.5|11|1|330|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.6|28|1|13490|alpino_lc|4966
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.7|21|1|730|alpino_lc|492
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.8|36|1|24060|alpino_lc|14466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.27.s.9|11|1|250|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.28.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.28.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.29.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.30.s.1|11|1|3850|alpino_lc|5195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.30.s.2|10|1|670|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.30.s.3|22|1|5390|alpino_lc|6235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.31.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.31.s.2|19|1|1850|alpino_lc|1062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.31.s.3|14|1|730|alpino_lc|935
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.31.s.4|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.1|29|1|4170|alpino_lc|989
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.3|23|1|3310|alpino_lc|2355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.4|9|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.5|15|1|640|alpino_lc|350
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.6|11|1|190|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.7|6|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.8|7|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.9|12|1|600|alpino_lc|354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.32.s.10|16|1|1530|alpino_lc|1261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.33.s.1|20|1|2820|alpino_lc|1593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.33.s.2|10|1|360|alpino_lc|284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.33.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.33.s.4|14|1|940|alpino_lc|420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.1|13|1|930|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.2|10|1|410|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.3|12|1|580|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.4|11|1|360|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.6|15|1|460|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.34.s.7|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.35.s.1|11|1|860|alpino_lc|772
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.36.s.1|21|1|270|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.37.s.1|28|1|4930|alpino_lc|1251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.37.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.38.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.38.s.2|15|1|580|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.39.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.39.s.2|18|1|7330|alpino_lc|5554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.40.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.1|9|1|310|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.2|13|1|510|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.3|15|1|680|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.4|9|1|600|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.5|9|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000214.p.41.s.6|19|1|660|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.1.s.1|8|1|710|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.2.s.1|8|1|260|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.3.s.1|7|1|2400|alpino_lc|1377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.5.s.1|20|1|4820|alpino_lc|3993
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.5.s.2|20|1|640|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.5.s.3|17|1|5300|alpino_lc|5871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.5.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.5.s.5|24|1|2980|alpino_lc|3080
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.6.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.6.s.2|10|1|290|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.6.s.3|16|1|190|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.6.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.7.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.7.s.2|11|1|370|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.7.s.3|14|1|430|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.8.s.1|12|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.8.s.2|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|1653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.8.s.3|14|1|1640|alpino_lc|1516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.8.s.4|6|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.9.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.9.s.2|15|1|940|alpino_lc|793
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.9.s.3|12|1|400|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.10.s.1|16|1|2350|alpino_lc|2209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.10.s.2|19|1|1200|alpino_lc|578
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.11.s.1|18|1|7830|alpino_lc|3639
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.11.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.11.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.12.s.1|25|1|2050|alpino_lc|2547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.12.s.2|34|1|1070|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.12.s.3|16|1|250|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.13.s.1|16|1|1830|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.13.s.2|29|1|6520|alpino_lc|8015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.13.s.3|25|1|5570|alpino_lc|2392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.14.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.14.s.2|27|1|16670|alpino_lc|7665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.15.s.1|29|1|10680|alpino_lc|3694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.16.s.1|19|1|320|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.17.s.1|23|1|2340|alpino_lc|666
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.17.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.17.s.3|15|1|680|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.1|14|1|1010|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.2|14|1|420|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.3|13|1|470|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.4|12|1|830|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.5|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.6|20|1|620|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.18.s.7|14|1|1310|alpino_lc|1100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.1|10|1|690|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.2|25|1|1480|alpino_lc|1548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.3|20|1|510|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.4|27|1|17870|alpino_lc|2635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.19.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.20.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.20.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.20.s.3|25|1|720|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.20.s.4|13|1|1130|alpino_lc|1157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.1|21|1|10330|alpino_lc|6763
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.3|16|1|320|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.5|12|1|340|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.21.s.6|20|1|240|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.22.s.1|15|1|260|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.23.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.24.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.25.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.25.s.2|17|1|200|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.25.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.25.s.4|20|1|1730|alpino_lc|473
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.25.s.5|7|1|170|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.26.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.26.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.27.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.27.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.27.s.3|20|1|1300|alpino_lc|900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.27.s.4|18|1|380|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.27.s.5|13|1|260|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.28.s.1|10|1|700|alpino_lc|717
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.28.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.28.s.3|8|1|320|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.28.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.28.s.5|17|1|550|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.1|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.2|10|1|340|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.3|10|1|530|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.5|11|1|390|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.29.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.30.s.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.30.s.2|15|1|390|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.31.s.1|12|1|590|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.31.s.2|14|1|340|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.31.s.3|12|1|400|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.31.s.4|10|1|850|alpino_lc|682
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.32.s.1|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.32.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.33.s.1|18|1|900|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.33.s.2|17|1|1900|alpino_lc|1215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.33.s.3|14|1|440|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.33.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.1|16|1|300|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.2|15|1|500|alpino_lc|570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.3|10|1|120|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.4|16|1|1000|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.5|12|1|210|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.34.s.6|9|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.1|8|1|760|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.2|12|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.3|16|1|5680|alpino_lc|3516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.4|15|1|800|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.5|22|1|670|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.6|18|1|1280|alpino_lc|825
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.7|14|1|2390|alpino_lc|3693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.8|9|1|200|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.9|17|1|14200|alpino_lc|10444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.35.s.10|12|1|510|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.36.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.36.s.2|16|1|1440|alpino_lc|1307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.36.s.3|17|1|640|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.36.s.4|25|1|2780|alpino_lc|2244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.36.s.5|19|1|590|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.37.s.1|24|1|8290|alpino_lc|2426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.38.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.38.s.2|17|1|590|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.38.s.3|26|1|1060|alpino_lc|527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.39.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.39.s.2|13|1|410|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.39.s.3|17|1|450|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.40.s.1|32|1|4250|alpino_lc|792
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.41.s.1|12|1|1210|alpino_lc|1160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.41.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.41.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.41.s.4|22|1|9350|alpino_lc|4300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.42.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|705
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.42.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.42.s.3|17|1|530|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.43.s.1|18|1|410|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.43.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.44.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.44.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.45.s.1|18|1|490|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.45.s.2|14|1|230|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.45.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.45.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.46.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.46.s.2|14|1|980|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000215.p.47.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.1.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.2.s.1|9|1|400|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.3.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.1|33|1|1510|alpino_lc|803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.2|11|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.3|8|1|220|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.4|25|1|1290|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.5|18|1|420|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.5.s.6|9|1|160|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.1|12|1|420|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.2|16|1|300|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.3|10|1|480|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.4|19|1|1760|alpino_lc|1607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.5|9|1|450|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.6|26|1|5260|alpino_lc|854
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.7|18|1|920|alpino_lc|686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.8|21|1|730|alpino_lc|574
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.9|16|1|920|alpino_lc|1236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.6.s.10|10|1|180|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.7.s.1|33|1|20530|alpino_lc|10748
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.7.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.7.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.7.s.4|10|1|370|alpino_lc|383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.3|15|1|1690|alpino_lc|1049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.4|17|1|9150|alpino_lc|5686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.5|14|1|1130|alpino_lc|851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.6|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.7|20|1|330|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.8|23|1|3350|alpino_lc|1549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.9|35|1|27620|alpino_lc|13609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.10|20|1|3590|alpino_lc|2060
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.11|14|1|370|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.12|36|1|3620|alpino_lc|2707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.13|13|1|1810|alpino_lc|1022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.14|25|1|165110|alpino_lc|57862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.15|11|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.16|23|1|3190|alpino_lc|3208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.8.s.17|17|1|2980|alpino_lc|3105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.9.s.1|17|1|4020|alpino_lc|2262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.10.s.1|25|1|2530|alpino_lc|1009
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.10.s.2|19|1|720|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.10.s.3|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.10.s.4|14|1|440|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.10.s.5|18|1|480|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.1|15|1|550|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.2|18|1|590|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.3|19|1|2440|alpino_lc|995
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.4|13|1|210|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.5|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.6|8|1|210|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.7|9|1|140|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.8|10|1|170|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.9|17|1|270|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.10|8|1|410|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.11.s.11|24|1|620|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.12.s.1|27|1|14460|alpino_lc|10786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.12.s.2|18|1|990|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.12.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.12.s.4|10|1|330|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.12.s.5|14|1|610|alpino_lc|348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.1|30|1|15420|alpino_lc|6551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.3|43|1|2270|alpino_lc|1635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.4|12|1|340|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.5|12|1|250|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.6|31|1|620|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.7|36|1|15150|alpino_lc|17392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.13.s.8|27|1|2590|alpino_lc|1524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.14.s.1|23|1|940|alpino_lc|837
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.14.s.2|24|1|4170|alpino_lc|1978
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.14.s.3|22|1|390|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.15.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.16.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.1|20|1|680|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|205
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.4|25|1|1650|alpino_lc|791
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.5|9|1|380|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.17.s.6|28|1|3940|alpino_lc|1387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.2|20|1|1610|alpino_lc|994
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.4|15|1|350|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.5|14|1|440|alpino_lc|333
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.6|8|1|240|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.18.s.7|20|1|510|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.19.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.20.s.1|22|1|5330|alpino_lc|1647
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.21.s.1|23|1|2550|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.22.s.1|14|1|780|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.23.s.1|22|1|5210|alpino_lc|4272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.23.s.2|17|1|190|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.23.s.3|21|1|250|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.23.s.4|22|1|4750|alpino_lc|2317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.24.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.24.s.2|19|1|2520|alpino_lc|2645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.25.s.1|27|1|16900|alpino_lc|7208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.25.s.2|17|1|230|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.25.s.3|26|1|22800|alpino_lc|22437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.1|11|1|270|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.2|17|1|1500|alpino_lc|1738
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.3|8|1|220|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.4|16|1|550|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.5|29|1|21540|alpino_lc|19159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.6|16|1|370|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.7|17|1|420|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.8|15|1|470|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.9|17|1|400|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.10|20|1|500|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.11|16|1|540|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.12|16|1|8350|alpino_lc|4422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.26.s.13|20|1|2360|alpino_lc|1070
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.27.s.1|14|1|1500|alpino_lc|862
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.27.s.2|15|1|630|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.27.s.3|24|1|2970|alpino_lc|1375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.27.s.4|17|1|610|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.27.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.28.s.1|5|1|140|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.28.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.28.s.3|13|1|1410|alpino_lc|1010
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.28.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.28.s.5|29|1|35190|alpino_lc|13971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.1|15|1|980|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.2|15|1|290|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.3|13|1|310|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.4|13|1|1480|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.5|11|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.6|15|1|360|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.7|11|1|250|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.8|8|1|360|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.9|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.10|9|1|690|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.11|9|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.12|26|1|12870|alpino_lc|11952
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.13|16|1|250|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.14|14|1|470|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.29.s.15|14|1|400|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.30.s.1|12|1|710|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.30.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.31.s.1|37|1|44960|alpino_lc|31833
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.32.s.1|31|1|5400|alpino_lc|3640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.32.s.2|19|1|520|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.33.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.33.s.2|14|1|560|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.33.s.3|9|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.33.s.4|15|1|690|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000216.p.34.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.1.s.1|8|1|250|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.2.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.3.s.1|8|1|510|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.5.s.1|41|1|36600|alpino_lc|8679
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.5.s.2|20|1|460|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.5.s.3|16|1|610|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.5.s.4|20|1|4270|alpino_lc|3426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.2|18|1|12520|alpino_lc|9581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.4|18|1|3020|alpino_lc|3199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.5|12|1|500|alpino_lc|405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.6.s.6|15|1|360|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.7.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.7.s.2|18|1|500|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.7.s.3|19|1|220|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.8.s.1|14|1|870|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.8.s.2|13|1|1830|alpino_lc|2768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.9.s.1|12|1|1100|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.10.s.1|32|1|4640|alpino_lc|578
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.10.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.10.s.3|23|1|17100|alpino_lc|6755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.11.s.1|16|1|21540|alpino_lc|2918
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.11.s.2|14|1|210|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.11.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.11.s.4|21|1|570|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.12.s.1|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.1|18|1|430|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.7|9|1|410|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.13.s.8|24|1|1080|alpino_lc|605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.1|24|1|960|alpino_lc|587
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.3|28|1|860|alpino_lc|857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.4|20|1|4800|alpino_lc|1979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.14.s.8|8|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.15.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.15.s.2|37|1|19080|alpino_lc|12399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.15.s.3|16|1|680|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.16.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.17.s.1|23|1|8160|alpino_lc|4638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.17.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.17.s.3|21|1|11670|alpino_lc|3374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.17.s.4|28|1|6790|alpino_lc|1449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.18.s.1|18|1|740|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.18.s.2|6|1|200|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.1|16|1|3780|alpino_lc|3141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.3|11|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.4|10|1|320|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.5|15|1|560|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.6|6|1|140|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.19.s.7|13|1|190|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.20.s.1|22|1|17650|alpino_lc|3746
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.20.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.20.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.20.s.4|12|1|420|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.20.s.5|6|1|290|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.21.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.22.s.1|16|1|550|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.22.s.2|23|1|2340|alpino_lc|602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.22.s.3|12|1|680|alpino_lc|680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.22.s.4|13|1|290|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.23.s.1|19|1|950|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.23.s.2|6|1|190|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.1|23|1|11400|alpino_lc|3518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.2|5|1|130|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.4|9|1|220|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.5|11|1|310|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.24.s.7|10|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.25.s.1|18|1|1730|alpino_lc|1883
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.26.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.26.s.2|7|1|220|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.27.s.1|19|1|680|alpino_lc|499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.27.s.2|41|1|6380|alpino_lc|5964
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.27.s.3|25|1|2320|alpino_lc|1509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.28.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.29.s.1|17|1|270|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.29.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.29.s.3|2|1|0|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.29.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.29.s.5|12|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.30.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.30.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.30.s.3|8|1|360|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.30.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.31.s.1|22|1|12510|alpino_lc|7925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.31.s.2|14|1|850|alpino_lc|571
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.31.s.3|15|1|650|alpino_lc|593
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.32.s.1|12|1|870|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.32.s.2|9|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.33.s.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.33.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.34.s.1|23|1|520|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.34.s.2|13|1|5580|alpino_lc|2506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.35.s.1|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|2155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.36.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.37.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.37.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.37.s.3|23|1|6690|alpino_lc|10709
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.37.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.38.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.38.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000217.p.38.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.1.s.1|24|1|3520|alpino_lc|3711
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.2.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.3.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.3.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.4.s.1|14|1|880|alpino_lc|592
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.4.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.5.s.1|13|1|670|alpino_lc|791
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.5.s.2|23|1|3140|alpino_lc|4813
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.6.s.1|14|1|1730|alpino_lc|1544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.2|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|1339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.4|13|1|450|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.5|20|1|620|alpino_lc|520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.6|14|1|560|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.7|16|1|230|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.8|10|1|150|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.7.s.9|11|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.8.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.8.s.2|20|1|570|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.8.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.1|14|1|890|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.2|14|1|670|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.5|9|1|630|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.6|10|1|170|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.7|13|1|400|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.9.s.8|13|1|390|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.10.s.1|22|1|9220|alpino_lc|6323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.10.s.2|20|1|330|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.1|20|1|520|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.2|15|1|930|alpino_lc|1386
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.3|12|1|1280|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.4|22|1|2100|alpino_lc|1139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.5|9|1|200|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.6|8|1|100|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.7|33|1|4550|alpino_lc|3167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.11.s.8|23|1|5000|alpino_lc|3662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.12.s.1|23|1|3390|alpino_lc|1036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.12.s.2|18|1|570|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.12.s.3|14|1|900|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.13.s.1|18|1|4420|alpino_lc|1576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.13.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.2|25|1|480|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.3|29|1|14090|alpino_lc|9948
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.4|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|1246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.5|23|1|2160|alpino_lc|1189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.6|10|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.7|11|1|300|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.8|11|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.14.s.9|33|1|23410|alpino_lc|4381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.15.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.15.s.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.16.s.1|8|1|430|alpino_lc|233
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.16.s.2|10|1|470|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.2|7|1|310|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.5|9|1|340|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.6|6|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.7|6|1|290|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.17.s.8|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.18.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.18.s.2|16|1|220|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.19.s.1|22|1|750|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.20.s.1|19|1|1470|alpino_lc|2039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.21.s.1|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|992
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.21.s.2|19|1|610|alpino_lc|846
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.21.s.3|30|1|3330|alpino_lc|1653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.22.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.23.s.1|11|1|820|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.24.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.25.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.25.s.2|21|1|440|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.26.s.1|10|1|430|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.26.s.2|25|1|1020|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.26.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.27.s.1|9|1|460|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.28.s.1|16|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.29.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.29.s.2|15|1|760|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.30.s.1|31|1|2610|alpino_lc|1435
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.31.s.1|9|1|440|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.32.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.32.s.2|12|1|320|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.33.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.34.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.35.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.36.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.37.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.38.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000218.p.39.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.1.s.1|25|1|950|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.2.s.1|24|1|820|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.3.s.1|12|1|470|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.3.s.2|7|1|210|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.3.s.3|9|1|420|alpino_lc|300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.4.s.1|10|1|670|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.5.s.1|21|1|3200|alpino_lc|3814
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.2|18|1|820|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.3|13|1|280|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.4|24|1|2370|alpino_lc|2039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.5|28|1|22630|alpino_lc|16091
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.6|15|1|310|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.8|13|1|160|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.9|9|1|280|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.10|7|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.6.s.11|17|1|1710|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.7.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.7.s.2|17|1|600|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.7.s.3|13|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.7.s.4|17|1|310|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.8.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.8.s.2|5|1|130|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.8.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.8.s.4|13|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.8.s.5|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.1|16|1|940|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.3|17|1|590|alpino_lc|352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.4|16|1|290|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.5|8|1|390|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.6|11|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.7|9|1|600|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.8|8|1|260|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.9|15|1|350|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.10|11|1|3440|alpino_lc|720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.11|7|1|150|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.9.s.12|19|1|670|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.10.s.1|28|1|4930|alpino_lc|5195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.10.s.2|12|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.1|12|1|810|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.5|12|1|560|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.11.s.6|10|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.12.s.1|19|1|470|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.12.s.2|19|1|5150|alpino_lc|3520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.13.s.1|16|1|1550|alpino_lc|1033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.13.s.2|21|1|2220|alpino_lc|1496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.14.s.1|20|1|2900|alpino_lc|2681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.15.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.15.s.2|15|1|180|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.16.s.1|22|1|690|alpino_lc|518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.16.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.17.s.1|23|1|930|alpino_lc|638
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.17.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.18.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.18.s.2|22|1|2250|alpino_lc|1635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.19.s.1|15|1|200|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.19.s.2|23|1|1970|alpino_lc|946
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.20.s.1|21|1|2280|alpino_lc|2027
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.20.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.20.s.3|21|1|2330|alpino_lc|853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.20.s.4|23|1|1040|alpino_lc|1012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.21.s.1|24|1|1410|alpino_lc|456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.21.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.21.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.3|8|1|140|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.4|12|1|550|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.5|23|1|1860|alpino_lc|1247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.22.s.6|24|1|1490|alpino_lc|1009
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.23.s.1|26|1|1130|alpino_lc|680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.23.s.2|20|1|310|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.24.s.1|12|1|910|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.24.s.2|11|1|660|alpino_lc|561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.25.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.26.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.26.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.26.s.3|25|1|4360|alpino_lc|2864
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.26.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.26.s.5|8|1|460|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.27.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.27.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.27.s.3|21|1|1620|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.27.s.4|17|1|450|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.27.s.5|22|1|1510|alpino_lc|1649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.28.s.1|15|1|800|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.28.s.2|16|1|350|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.28.s.3|19|1|210|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.28.s.4|19|1|2200|alpino_lc|1477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.28.s.5|17|1|390|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.29.s.1|19|1|12620|alpino_lc|6360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.29.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.29.s.3|7|1|180|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.30.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.30.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.30.s.3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.30.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.30.s.5|5|1|120|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.31.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.31.s.2|10|1|380|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.32.s.1|18|1|810|alpino_lc|607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.32.s.2|36|1|14970|alpino_lc|8570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.33.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.33.s.2|13|1|550|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.33.s.3|18|1|650|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.34.s.1|14|1|2020|alpino_lc|1051
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.34.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.35.s.1|13|1|520|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.35.s.2|17|1|620|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.36.s.1|10|1|500|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.36.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.37.s.1|13|1|990|alpino_lc|1181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.37.s.2|20|1|1560|alpino_lc|956
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.37.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.37.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.38.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.38.s.2|23|1|870|alpino_lc|815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.38.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.38.s.4|24|1|990|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.38.s.5|20|1|270|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.39.s.1|27|1|1570|alpino_lc|1349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.39.s.2|12|1|1180|alpino_lc|766
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.39.s.3|27|1|8130|alpino_lc|11941
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.40.s.1|11|1|380|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.40.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.40.s.3|24|1|5690|alpino_lc|3058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.40.s.4|29|1|4900|alpino_lc|855
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.41.s.1|22|1|840|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.41.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.41.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.41.s.4|15|1|440|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.41.s.5|12|1|300|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.42.s.1|13|1|490|alpino_lc|1008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.42.s.2|17|1|4030|alpino_lc|4411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.42.s.3|15|1|230|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.42.s.4|34|1|12110|alpino_lc|8484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.1|18|1|270|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.2|14|1|250|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.3|18|1|1580|alpino_lc|689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.4|65|1|26170|alpino_lc|22232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.5|76|1|2050|alpino_lc|929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.6|42|1|320|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.43.s.7|67|1|16590|alpino_lc|7514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.44.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.45.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.45.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.46.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.46.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.46.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.46.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.47.s.1|15|1|9470|alpino_lc|6324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.47.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.47.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.1|19|1|2320|alpino_lc|2169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.5|7|1|280|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.6|11|1|90|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.48.s.7|10|1|430|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.49.s.1|13|1|1250|alpino_lc|1166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.49.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.49.s.3|13|1|1670|alpino_lc|1364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.50.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.50.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.50.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.50.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.51.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.51.s.2|15|1|740|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.52.s.1|17|1|2550|alpino_lc|2284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000219.p.52.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.1.s.1|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.1|25|1|6040|alpino_lc|3167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.2|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.3|14|1|470|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.4|10|1|210|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.5|13|1|390|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.2.s.6|13|1|400|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.1|12|1|110|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.2|20|1|820|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.3|14|1|260|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.5|10|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.3.s.6|11|1|240|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.4.s.1|17|1|1300|alpino_lc|1298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.4.s.2|15|1|640|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.5.s.1|15|1|620|alpino_lc|314
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.5.s.2|11|1|370|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.6.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.6.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.6.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.1|15|1|530|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.2|16|1|730|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.3|6|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.5|11|1|650|alpino_lc|608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.7.s.6|12|1|160|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.8.s.1|14|1|830|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.9.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.10.s.1|19|1|2910|alpino_lc|741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.11.s.1|30|1|1320|alpino_lc|569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.11.s.2|14|1|1320|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.12.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.12.s.2|24|1|1250|alpino_lc|767
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.12.s.3|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.12.s.4|10|1|390|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.12.s.5|18|1|530|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.13.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.13.s.2|8|1|620|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.13.s.3|32|1|4350|alpino_lc|2555
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.14.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.14.s.2|42|1|2320|alpino_lc|1645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.14.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.15.s.1|20|1|570|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.16.s.1|22|1|1890|alpino_lc|617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.16.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.16.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.16.s.4|19|1|6490|alpino_lc|3111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.17.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.17.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.17.s.3|17|1|3520|alpino_lc|1059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.17.s.4|18|1|750|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.17.s.5|22|1|2720|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.18.s.1|35|1|9390|alpino_lc|3490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.18.s.2|16|1|370|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.18.s.3|5|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.19.s.1|10|1|610|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.19.s.2|17|1|420|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.19.s.3|5|1|140|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.19.s.4|9|1|170|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.20.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.20.s.2|14|1|2160|alpino_lc|1120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.20.s.3|9|1|220|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.20.s.4|11|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.20.s.5|7|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.1|21|1|2670|alpino_lc|1023
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.2|13|1|990|alpino_lc|1001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.3|17|1|370|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.4|13|1|620|alpino_lc|680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.5|12|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.21.s.6|12|1|500|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.22.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.1|23|1|2670|alpino_lc|2097
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.3|15|1|1480|alpino_lc|1193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.4|16|1|6820|alpino_lc|1818
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.5|8|1|430|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.6|16|1|430|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.23.s.7|10|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.24.s.1|24|1|1670|alpino_lc|653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.24.s.2|22|1|8290|alpino_lc|4295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.24.s.3|13|1|310|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.24.s.4|30|1|730|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.24.s.5|11|1|160|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.25.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.25.s.2|7|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.25.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.26.s.1|18|1|1690|alpino_lc|1486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.26.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.26.s.3|19|1|770|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.1|15|1|2100|alpino_lc|1676
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.2|5|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.3|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.4|15|1|1770|alpino_lc|976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.5|10|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.27.s.6|15|1|2100|alpino_lc|1927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.1|21|1|3650|alpino_lc|1464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.4|16|1|610|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.5|12|1|730|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.28.s.6|16|1|240|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.29.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.29.s.2|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|915
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.30.s.1|14|1|220|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.31.s.1|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.32.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.32.s.2|9|1|340|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.33.s.1|26|1|51720|alpino_lc|24699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.34.s.1|13|1|2860|alpino_lc|1995
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.1|19|1|200|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.3|27|1|1680|alpino_lc|510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.4|11|1|380|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.5|14|1|160|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.7|6|1|70|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.8|17|1|2880|alpino_lc|1176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.9|40|1|8170|alpino_lc|2377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.10|14|1|370|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.11|8|1|230|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.12|20|1|820|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.13|21|1|1270|alpino_lc|622
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.14|28|1|880|alpino_lc|1374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.35.s.15|26|1|13680|alpino_lc|5415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.36.s.1|19|1|3830|alpino_lc|2131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.36.s.2|19|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.36.s.3|21|1|410|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.36.s.4|33|1|8920|alpino_lc|1066
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.36.s.5|8|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.2|20|1|1240|alpino_lc|977
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.3|55|1|700|alpino_lc|469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.4|12|1|280|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.5|9|1|220|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.6|16|1|340|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.7|12|1|610|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.8|19|1|680|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.9|52|1|670|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.10|11|1|190|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.11|49|1|320|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.12|11|1|350|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.37.s.13|14|1|70|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.38.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.39.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.39.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.1|28|1|5650|alpino_lc|6976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.3|16|1|5730|alpino_lc|3604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.5|11|1|290|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.40.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.41.s.1|13|1|1210|alpino_lc|1166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.41.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.41.s.3|13|1|1600|alpino_lc|1364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.41.s.4|20|1|520|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.42.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.43.s.1|15|1|910|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.43.s.2|14|1|1890|alpino_lc|2022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.43.s.3|12|1|880|alpino_lc|940
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.44.s.1|13|1|440|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000220.p.44.s.2|12|1|490|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.1.s.1|23|1|810|alpino_lc|523
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.1|11|1|620|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.2|14|1|2600|alpino_lc|1147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.3|22|1|4160|alpino_lc|1439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.5|15|1|940|alpino_lc|946
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.6|9|1|210|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.7|16|1|5850|alpino_lc|3636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.8|18|1|270|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.2.s.9|9|1|250|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.3|12|1|900|alpino_lc|597
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.4|19|1|480|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.5|22|1|1600|alpino_lc|1283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.6|33|1|1730|alpino_lc|740
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.7|10|1|190|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.8|11|1|180|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.9|15|1|260|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.10|18|1|2100|alpino_lc|1544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.3.s.11|13|1|600|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.4.s.1|26|1|2470|alpino_lc|1680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.4.s.2|17|1|5280|alpino_lc|5270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.4.s.3|18|1|430|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.4.s.4|17|1|960|alpino_lc|581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.4.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.1|20|1|1010|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.3|17|1|3660|alpino_lc|2911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.4|11|1|370|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.5|11|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.6|7|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.7|17|1|520|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.8|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|1059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.9|14|1|350|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.10|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.11|38|1|10850|alpino_lc|4774
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.12|14|1|390|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.13|23|1|2310|alpino_lc|1806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.14|16|1|1740|alpino_lc|1289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.5.s.15|15|1|310|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.6.s.1|24|1|1020|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.7.s.1|31|1|12570|alpino_lc|4841
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.7.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.7.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.7.s.4|6|1|150|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.1|20|1|5040|alpino_lc|4534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.2|16|1|3180|alpino_lc|2069
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.3|9|1|610|alpino_lc|778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.4|12|1|610|alpino_lc|520
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.5|11|1|410|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.6|15|1|470|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.7|7|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.8|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|1643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.9|18|1|390|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.10|16|1|2890|alpino_lc|2133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.11|21|1|480|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.12|11|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.13|32|1|12820|alpino_lc|6708
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.8.s.14|9|1|190|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.9.s.1|15|1|750|alpino_lc|1071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.9.s.2|24|1|390|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.10.s.1|34|1|7650|alpino_lc|5238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.11.s.1|12|1|890|alpino_lc|1179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.11.s.2|11|1|470|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.11.s.3|8|1|230|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.11.s.4|11|1|870|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.11.s.5|22|1|2490|alpino_lc|1091
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.12.s.1|12|1|1200|alpino_lc|1480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.12.s.2|17|1|1590|alpino_lc|1420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.13.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.14.s.1|18|1|2630|alpino_lc|2620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.14.s.2|12|1|410|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.14.s.3|18|1|980|alpino_lc|527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.14.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.15.s.1|21|1|3390|alpino_lc|2279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.15.s.2|26|1|1190|alpino_lc|846
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.15.s.3|14|1|460|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.16.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.17.s.1|15|1|430|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.17.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.18.s.1|24|1|1940|alpino_lc|1422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.19.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.19.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.20.s.1|13|1|1500|alpino_lc|1012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.21.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.21.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.21.s.3|15|1|2130|alpino_lc|2431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.22.s.1|24|1|490|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.2|24|1|5630|alpino_lc|8445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.3|22|1|370|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.4|8|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.5|14|1|3390|alpino_lc|5882
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.23.s.6|10|1|220|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.24.s.1|20|1|850|alpino_lc|645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.25.s.1|16|1|300|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.25.s.2|31|1|1410|alpino_lc|662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.25.s.3|13|1|240|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.25.s.4|13|1|870|alpino_lc|877
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.2|26|1|3350|alpino_lc|2355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.3|28|1|600|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.4|11|1|290|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.5|10|1|270|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.6|10|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.7|10|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.8|21|1|2840|alpino_lc|2402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.9|27|1|1620|alpino_lc|784
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.10|31|1|5410|alpino_lc|2424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.11|12|1|2380|alpino_lc|1689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.12|8|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.13|18|1|990|alpino_lc|1036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.14|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.15|11|1|310|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.16|9|1|90|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.17|12|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.26.s.18|8|1|520|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.1|16|1|3380|alpino_lc|2289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.3|17|1|2350|alpino_lc|1300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.5|17|1|780|alpino_lc|535
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.6|22|1|460|alpino_lc|306
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.7|19|1|450|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.27.s.8|18|1|560|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.29.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.29.s.2|18|1|1010|alpino_lc|737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.29.s.3|23|1|1630|alpino_lc|1163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.29.s.4|12|1|450|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.30.s.1|8|1|300|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.30.s.2|19|1|5310|alpino_lc|3596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.30.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.2|7|1|250|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.3|13|1|700|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.4|9|1|170|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.6|7|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.31.s.7|11|1|540|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.32.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.32.s.2|14|1|260|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.33.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.33.s.2|13|1|810|alpino_lc|761
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.5|10|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.6|13|1|520|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.7|5|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.34.s.8|9|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.2|19|1|9920|alpino_lc|3328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.4|11|1|240|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.35.s.6|9|1|140|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.1|17|1|1860|alpino_lc|1778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.2|16|1|5240|alpino_lc|3228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.3|20|1|670|alpino_lc|1504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.4|22|1|690|alpino_lc|649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.5|10|1|350|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.6|11|1|920|alpino_lc|1081
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.36.s.7|16|1|560|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000221.p.37.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.1.s.1|20|1|8460|alpino_lc|10059
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.2.s.1|33|1|740|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.2.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.2.s.3|27|1|6100|alpino_lc|3103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.2.s.4|19|1|2210|alpino_lc|1549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.2.s.5|7|1|200|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.3.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.4.s.1|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.4.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.4.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.1|9|1|790|alpino_lc|500
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.2|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.3|13|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.4|24|1|1900|alpino_lc|572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.5|12|1|170|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.6|15|1|480|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.7|10|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.8|12|1|1160|alpino_lc|1121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.9|19|1|890|alpino_lc|1069
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.10|7|1|170|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.11|15|1|220|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.12|14|1|140|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.5.s.13|21|1|340|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.6.s.1|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.6.s.2|18|1|2240|alpino_lc|1117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.6.s.3|21|1|680|alpino_lc|668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.6.s.4|5|1|80|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.6.s.5|9|1|330|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.1|25|1|1350|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.2|6|1|230|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.3|18|1|820|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.4|26|1|10140|alpino_lc|3107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.5|17|1|350|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.6|18|1|1350|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.7|9|1|180|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.8|20|1|9090|alpino_lc|3937
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.7.s.9|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.1|26|1|6260|alpino_lc|1889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.2|16|1|1570|alpino_lc|1124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.5|25|1|6540|alpino_lc|3448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.8.s.6|15|1|410|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.1|9|1|320|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.2|13|1|360|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.4|6|1|170|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.5|17|1|1790|alpino_lc|613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.6|28|1|8550|alpino_lc|5547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.7|10|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.8|22|1|11710|alpino_lc|8766
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.9|20|1|1000|alpino_lc|552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.10|12|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.11|23|1|810|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.12|20|1|340|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.13|9|1|1660|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.14|27|1|1570|alpino_lc|614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.9.s.15|3|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.10.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.11.s.1|19|1|840|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.11.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.11.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.12.s.1|19|1|700|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.12.s.2|13|1|210|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.13.s.1|19|1|800|alpino_lc|655
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.13.s.2|21|1|9000|alpino_lc|7429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.14.s.1|12|1|320|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.15.s.1|12|1|550|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.15.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.15.s.3|21|1|720|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.15.s.4|14|1|450|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.1|18|1|2580|alpino_lc|1753
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.3|15|1|620|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.5|10|1|330|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.16.s.6|17|1|430|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.17.s.1|13|1|480|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.17.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.17.s.3|24|1|2070|alpino_lc|1737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.17.s.4|21|1|1560|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.18.s.1|18|1|470|alpino_lc|730
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.19.s.1|19|1|1440|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.19.s.2|24|1|840|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.19.s.3|13|1|1280|alpino_lc|1071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.1|17|1|940|alpino_lc|1379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.3|20|1|240|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.4|9|1|300|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.5|10|1|750|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.6|9|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.7|7|1|180|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.8|26|1|10230|alpino_lc|1914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.9|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.10|18|1|580|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.20.s.11|6|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.1|16|1|240|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.2|14|1|180|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.3|22|1|750|alpino_lc|649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.4|10|1|350|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.5|11|1|930|alpino_lc|1081
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.21.s.6|11|1|180|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.22.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.23.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.23.s.2|17|1|1520|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.23.s.3|15|1|250|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.24.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.24.s.2|17|1|1590|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.24.s.3|15|1|300|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.25.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.25.s.2|22|1|490|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.25.s.3|14|1|140|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.25.s.4|15|1|210|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.25.s.5|23|1|700|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.26.s.1|9|1|200|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.26.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.26.s.3|20|1|360|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.27.s.1|36|1|1860|alpino_lc|3034
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.28.s.4|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.28.s.5|15|1|2660|alpino_lc|652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.28.s.7|8|1|280|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.28.s.10|16|1|2670|alpino_lc|2918
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.28.s.11|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.29.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.29.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.29.s.3|6|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.30.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.30.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.30.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.30.s.4|8|1|180|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000222.p.31.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.1.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.2.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.3.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.5.s.1|21|1|8210|alpino_lc|8308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.5.s.2|16|1|550|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.5.s.3|31|1|8110|alpino_lc|8528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.5.s.4|32|1|81650|alpino_lc|32027
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.5.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.6.s.1|19|1|620|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.6.s.2|17|1|850|alpino_lc|849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.7.s.1|14|1|500|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.7.s.2|11|1|3520|alpino_lc|1980
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.7.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.7.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.7.s.5|20|1|850|alpino_lc|573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.8.s.1|46|1|15020|alpino_lc|2279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.8.s.2|13|1|220|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.8.s.3|13|1|690|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.9.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.10.s.1|27|1|4440|alpino_lc|2853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.10.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.10.s.3|9|1|410|alpino_lc|575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.11.s.1|11|1|380|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.12.s.1|12|1|1000|alpino_lc|694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.13.s.1|10|1|1570|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.13.s.2|15|1|1660|alpino_lc|4551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.14.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.14.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.14.s.3|8|1|530|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.14.s.4|10|1|380|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.15.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.16.s.1|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|3869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.16.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.16.s.3|13|1|340|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.1|6|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.2|13|1|1130|alpino_lc|735
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.3|9|1|1180|alpino_lc|824
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.4|5|1|140|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.5|15|1|1670|alpino_lc|613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.17.s.6|15|1|530|alpino_lc|556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.1|14|1|1710|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.3|15|1|390|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.4|10|1|200|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.5|21|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.6|10|1|240|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.7|7|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.18.s.8|9|1|710|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.19.s.1|10|1|500|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.19.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.19.s.3|5|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.19.s.4|10|1|480|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.20.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.20.s.2|9|1|300|alpino_lc|288
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.20.s.3|12|1|390|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.20.s.4|5|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.21.s.1|16|1|520|alpino_lc|221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.21.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.21.s.3|13|1|8440|alpino_lc|9921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.22.s.1|29|1|2010|alpino_lc|1577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.23.s.1|15|1|800|alpino_lc|699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.23.s.2|22|1|4710|alpino_lc|1274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.23.s.3|36|1|2890|alpino_lc|1432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.23.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.24.s.1|34|1|2420|alpino_lc|610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.24.s.2|10|1|220|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.24.s.3|28|1|11960|alpino_lc|2372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.24.s.4|15|1|240|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.24.s.5|15|1|230|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.25.s.1|44|1|3090|alpino_lc|2168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.25.s.2|20|1|1580|alpino_lc|1267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.25.s.3|50|1|18500|alpino_lc|12586
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.26.s.1|33|1|3180|alpino_lc|868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.26.s.2|16|1|4210|alpino_lc|3515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.26.s.3|15|1|1480|alpino_lc|1217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.26.s.4|11|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.26.s.5|7|1|120|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.1|13|1|230|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.2|11|1|800|alpino_lc|745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.3|24|1|1020|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.4|21|1|1410|alpino_lc|1200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.5|46|1|1510|alpino_lc|1685
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.27.s.6|11|1|540|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.28.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.29.s.1|18|1|200|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.29.s.2|28|1|1960|alpino_lc|483
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.30.s.1|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.30.s.2|22|1|430|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.31.s.1|9|1|260|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.31.s.2|17|1|1430|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.31.s.3|31|1|21340|alpino_lc|23287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.32.s.1|18|1|5340|alpino_lc|5024
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.33.s.1|13|1|770|alpino_lc|643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.2|16|1|380|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.3|9|1|400|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.4|28|1|740|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.34.s.6|21|1|680|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.1|16|1|530|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.4|12|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.5|31|1|7780|alpino_lc|4849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.35.s.6|9|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.36.s.1|16|1|1780|alpino_lc|1457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.36.s.2|19|1|1420|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.37.s.1|28|1|1020|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.37.s.2|17|1|1700|alpino_lc|1686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.37.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.1|27|1|2450|alpino_lc|1325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.3|12|1|820|alpino_lc|497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.5|17|1|290|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.6|21|1|350|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.7|15|1|530|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.38.s.8|14|1|790|alpino_lc|528
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.39.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.39.s.2|12|1|490|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.39.s.3|24|1|8290|alpino_lc|1563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.39.s.4|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.2|9|1|340|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.3|9|1|240|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.4|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|536
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.5|9|1|350|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.6|7|1|200|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.7|9|1|80|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.8|8|1|310|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.9|13|1|940|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.10|8|1|230|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.11|16|1|6790|alpino_lc|3502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.12|9|1|290|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.40.s.13|23|1|2570|alpino_lc|2419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.41.s.1|11|1|1210|alpino_lc|823
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.41.s.2|10|1|540|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.41.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.42.s.1|15|1|790|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.42.s.2|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.42.s.3|8|1|410|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.42.s.4|12|1|480|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.42.s.5|11|1|190|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.43.s.1|22|1|970|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.43.s.2|17|1|290|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.43.s.3|8|1|770|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.43.s.4|19|1|320|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.43.s.5|9|1|200|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.1|6|1|250|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.2|28|1|3160|alpino_lc|3361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.6|5|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.7|13|1|290|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.8|11|1|490|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.9|20|1|4640|alpino_lc|1917
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.10|11|1|350|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.11|25|1|1250|alpino_lc|927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.12|7|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.13|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1935
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.44.s.14|20|1|540|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.45.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.45.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.45.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.46.s.1|12|1|510|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.46.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.47.s.1|19|1|2290|alpino_lc|2085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.47.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.47.s.3|36|1|1990|alpino_lc|590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.47.s.4|38|1|20710|alpino_lc|2447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.48.s.1|16|1|7070|alpino_lc|10894
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.48.s.2|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.49.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.50.s.1|21|1|10670|alpino_lc|3624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.50.s.2|11|1|430|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.50.s.3|20|1|590|alpino_lc|337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.50.s.4|18|1|270|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.51.s.1|11|1|670|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.51.s.2|11|1|3170|alpino_lc|859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.52.s.1|25|1|3120|alpino_lc|1656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.52.s.2|16|1|750|alpino_lc|548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.52.s.3|25|1|560|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000223.p.52.s.4|15|1|170|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.1.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.2.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.3.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.4.s.1|14|1|710|alpino_lc|630
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.5.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.6.s.1|20|1|990|alpino_lc|636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.6.s.2|13|1|1640|alpino_lc|1616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.6.s.3|18|1|380|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.7.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.8.s.1|23|1|2530|alpino_lc|1378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.8.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.8.s.3|17|1|460|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.9.s.1|9|1|410|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.9.s.2|21|1|350|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.10.s.1|29|1|850|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.10.s.2|21|1|960|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.10.s.3|15|1|430|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.10.s.4|14|1|540|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.11.s.1|27|1|12280|alpino_lc|4962
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.11.s.2|29|1|5950|alpino_lc|1830
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.11.s.3|20|1|270|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.12.s.1|23|1|680|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.12.s.2|14|1|3630|alpino_lc|1775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.12.s.3|11|1|1310|alpino_lc|961
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.13.s.1|28|1|13500|alpino_lc|3085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.13.s.2|23|1|1070|alpino_lc|1155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.14.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.14.s.2|17|1|470|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.14.s.3|12|1|1060|alpino_lc|1020
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.14.s.4|18|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.14.s.5|23|1|1810|alpino_lc|1562
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.15.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.15.s.2|22|1|500|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.16.s.1|21|1|950|alpino_lc|796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.16.s.2|46|1|38400|alpino_lc|7308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.16.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.16.s.4|14|1|320|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.17.s.1|31|1|13610|alpino_lc|6071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.17.s.2|13|1|340|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.17.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.18.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.18.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.18.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.19.s.1|19|1|980|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.19.s.2|22|1|1000|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.19.s.3|16|1|670|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.20.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.21.s.1|15|1|370|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.22.s.1|18|1|460|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.22.s.2|11|1|470|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.22.s.3|19|1|9540|alpino_lc|3755
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.1|18|1|430|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.2|9|1|390|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.3|15|1|380|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.4|5|1|20|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.5|8|1|280|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.6|17|1|1740|alpino_lc|1686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.23.s.7|6|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.24.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.24.s.2|15|1|8920|alpino_lc|5008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.24.s.3|13|1|910|alpino_lc|626
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.25.s.1|19|1|910|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.25.s.2|13|1|1100|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.1|16|1|2330|alpino_lc|1829
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.3|10|1|520|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.5|29|1|5100|alpino_lc|1125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.6|12|1|200|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.7|7|1|170|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.26.s.8|8|1|160|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.27.s.1|26|1|1120|alpino_lc|505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.28.s.1|27|1|8470|alpino_lc|3481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.28.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.28.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.28.s.4|21|1|670|alpino_lc|442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.29.s.1|28|1|4990|alpino_lc|3037
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.29.s.2|27|1|3310|alpino_lc|653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.30.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.31.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.31.s.2|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|774
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.31.s.3|20|1|750|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.31.s.4|14|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.31.s.5|20|1|470|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.32.s.1|7|1|250|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.32.s.2|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.32.s.3|11|1|470|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.32.s.4|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|962
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.3|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.4|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.5|18|1|21160|alpino_lc|15475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.6|9|1|150|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.7|26|1|1950|alpino_lc|748
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.8|20|1|2000|alpino_lc|1150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.10|9|1|200|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.11|12|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.12|8|1|360|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.13|11|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.14|8|1|230|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.15|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.16|11|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.17|17|1|410|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.18|9|1|530|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.19|14|1|230|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.33.s.20|14|1|900|alpino_lc|508
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.34.s.1|6|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.34.s.2|17|1|380|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.1|6|1|170|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.2|15|1|410|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.3|5|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.5|8|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.6|8|1|160|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.7|10|1|180|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.8|17|1|860|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.9|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.10|17|1|1210|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.35.s.11|14|1|360|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.1|15|1|980|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.3|24|1|2050|alpino_lc|1943
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.4|5|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.5|18|1|1460|alpino_lc|1278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.6|7|1|50|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.7|11|1|540|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.8|16|1|1440|alpino_lc|1890
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.9|15|1|680|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.10|17|1|1290|alpino_lc|582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.36.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.1|6|1|240|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.2|19|1|1930|alpino_lc|781
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.3|8|1|180|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.4|24|1|1540|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.5|10|1|950|alpino_lc|433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.6|15|1|450|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.7|12|1|570|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.8|13|1|650|alpino_lc|556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.9|12|1|230|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.10|4|1|20|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.11|9|1|1370|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.12|17|1|3870|alpino_lc|2853
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.13|8|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.14|26|1|23750|alpino_lc|11891
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.15|17|1|650|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.16|17|1|670|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.17|7|1|130|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.37.s.18|23|1|5300|alpino_lc|4399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.38.s.1|23|1|1380|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.1|13|1|1270|alpino_lc|967
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.2|24|1|3410|alpino_lc|1880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.3|17|1|360|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.4|10|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.6|13|1|150|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.39.s.7|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.40.s.1|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.40.s.2|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|1189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.40.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.40.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.41.s.1|12|1|670|alpino_lc|900
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.41.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.41.s.3|14|1|3490|alpino_lc|4128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.41.s.4|15|1|1930|alpino_lc|925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.42.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.42.s.2|14|1|5940|alpino_lc|8680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.43.s.1|12|1|320|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.44.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.44.s.2|19|1|1410|alpino_lc|965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.45.s.1|19|1|640|alpino_lc|497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.46.s.1|16|1|900|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.46.s.2|13|1|320|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.46.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.46.s.4|19|1|2370|alpino_lc|1428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.46.s.5|15|1|190|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.47.s.1|30|1|1120|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.47.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.47.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.48.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.48.s.2|12|1|420|alpino_lc|626
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.49.s.1|8|1|320|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.49.s.2|25|1|3000|alpino_lc|2008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.49.s.3|31|1|2960|alpino_lc|597
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.49.s.4|19|1|530|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.2|22|1|4770|alpino_lc|3914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.4|11|1|920|alpino_lc|803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.5|19|1|1000|alpino_lc|895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.6|13|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000224.p.50.s.7|19|1|510|alpino_lc|429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.1.s.1|17|1|570|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.2.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.3.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.4.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.5.s.1|17|1|1970|alpino_lc|2751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.6.s.1|11|1|920|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.7.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.7.s.2|5|1|160|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.8.s.1|20|1|4560|alpino_lc|2622
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.8.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.8.s.3|11|1|500|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.8.s.4|20|1|1090|alpino_lc|615
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.8.s.5|16|1|2670|alpino_lc|1609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.9.s.1|15|1|330|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.9.s.2|16|1|930|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.9.s.3|13|1|330|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.9.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.10.s.1|16|1|3370|alpino_lc|2231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.11.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.12.s.1|13|1|550|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.13.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.1|17|1|400|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.3|13|1|580|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.4|8|1|280|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.5|21|1|370|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.14.s.6|19|1|360|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.5|10|1|220|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.6|13|1|610|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.15.s.7|19|1|370|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.16.s.1|23|1|690|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.17.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.17.s.2|23|1|1390|alpino_lc|1339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.19.s.1|20|1|840|alpino_lc|476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.19.s.2|13|1|890|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.20.s.1|11|1|490|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.20.s.2|19|1|480|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.20.s.3|17|1|1040|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.1|17|1|560|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.2|16|1|1250|alpino_lc|866
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.3|7|1|170|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.4|16|1|910|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.5|19|1|400|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.6|25|1|1510|alpino_lc|1138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.7|24|1|7730|alpino_lc|5379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.8|7|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.21.s.9|17|1|280|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.3|23|1|5600|alpino_lc|6664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.4|15|1|1560|alpino_lc|1274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.5|12|1|210|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.22.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.23.s.1|16|1|2080|alpino_lc|2811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.24.s.1|17|1|3340|alpino_lc|2694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.25.s.1|16|1|410|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.25.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.25.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.25.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.25.s.5|17|1|390|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.26.s.1|19|1|4030|alpino_lc|1918
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.26.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.26.s.3|14|1|410|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.26.s.4|23|1|11160|alpino_lc|7911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.27.s.1|17|1|1200|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.28.s.1|20|1|2120|alpino_lc|1568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.28.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.28.s.3|16|1|4190|alpino_lc|4560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.29.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.29.s.2|37|1|2170|alpino_lc|1276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.30.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.30.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.30.s.3|9|1|380|alpino_lc|306
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.30.s.4|21|1|2120|alpino_lc|1431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.31.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.31.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.32.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.33.s.1|11|1|270|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.33.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.4|8|1|310|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.5|9|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.34.s.6|12|1|230|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.35.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000225.p.36.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.1.s.1|9|1|200|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.2.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.3.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.3|27|1|3180|alpino_lc|3371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.4|15|1|260|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.5|17|1|1310|alpino_lc|839
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.5.s.6|19|1|930|alpino_lc|908
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.3|29|1|2110|alpino_lc|1365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.4|20|1|380|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.5|23|1|370|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.7|9|1|200|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.8|5|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.9|17|1|640|alpino_lc|433
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.10|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.11|24|1|4630|alpino_lc|4901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.12|22|1|4410|alpino_lc|1929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.13|13|1|480|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.14|8|1|170|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.6.s.15|15|1|7840|alpino_lc|8393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.7.s.1|34|1|3960|alpino_lc|1262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.7.s.2|7|1|350|alpino_lc|311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.8.s.1|15|1|490|alpino_lc|252
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.8.s.2|20|1|740|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.8.s.3|14|1|760|alpino_lc|626
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.9.s.1|19|1|2970|alpino_lc|3354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.9.s.2|16|1|520|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.9.s.3|26|1|4990|alpino_lc|5351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.9.s.4|23|1|1450|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.10.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.10.s.2|23|1|1610|alpino_lc|600
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.10.s.3|20|1|540|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.10.s.4|18|1|250|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.11.s.1|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|1273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.12.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.12.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.12.s.3|12|1|640|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.13.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.13.s.2|17|1|580|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.14.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.14.s.2|14|1|230|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.14.s.3|31|1|2480|alpino_lc|2409
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.14.s.4|27|1|15700|alpino_lc|13162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.14.s.5|14|1|270|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.15.s.1|28|1|1540|alpino_lc|1332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.15.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.15.s.3|26|1|1240|alpino_lc|884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.15.s.4|16|1|1960|alpino_lc|1794
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.15.s.5|12|1|180|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.2|31|1|3860|alpino_lc|3495
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.3|10|1|360|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.4|13|1|960|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.5|14|1|250|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.6|7|1|130|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.7|27|1|16840|alpino_lc|3335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.8|10|1|180|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.9|18|1|840|alpino_lc|732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.10|14|1|380|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.11|17|1|780|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.16.s.12|17|1|480|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.17.s.1|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.17.s.2|23|1|2430|alpino_lc|1327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.18.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.18.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.18.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.18.s.4|14|1|800|alpino_lc|556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.19.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.20.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.20.s.2|13|1|210|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.20.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.21.s.1|17|1|590|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.21.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.21.s.3|19|1|4770|alpino_lc|2316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.21.s.4|12|1|400|alpino_lc|336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.21.s.5|7|1|480|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.22.s.1|14|1|800|alpino_lc|525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.22.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.3|11|1|410|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.4|15|1|350|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.5|19|1|6330|alpino_lc|2633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.23.s.6|19|1|1670|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.24.s.1|26|1|4480|alpino_lc|2936
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.25.s.1|25|1|1600|alpino_lc|506
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.25.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.25.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.26.s.1|14|1|6100|alpino_lc|5212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.26.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.27.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.27.s.2|23|1|10930|alpino_lc|6128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.27.s.3|19|1|690|alpino_lc|422
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.27.s.4|15|1|3050|alpino_lc|1796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.28.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.28.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.28.s.3|13|1|1190|alpino_lc|746
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.29.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.29.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.29.s.3|17|1|5410|alpino_lc|3694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.29.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.29.s.5|18|1|2090|alpino_lc|1975
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.3|18|1|4840|alpino_lc|3045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.4|19|1|730|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.30.s.6|17|1|420|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.31.s.1|13|1|420|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.31.s.2|16|1|3190|alpino_lc|916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.31.s.3|8|1|230|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.31.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.32.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.32.s.2|13|1|820|alpino_lc|894
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.32.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.33.s.1|21|1|700|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.34.s.1|36|1|7120|alpino_lc|3384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.35.s.1|17|1|770|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.35.s.2|13|1|230|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.36.s.1|17|1|710|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.36.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.36.s.3|6|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.3|17|1|680|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.5|41|1|50100|alpino_lc|39692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.6|5|1|70|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.8|8|1|150|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.9|9|1|380|alpino_lc|446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.10|5|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.11|11|1|320|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.37.s.12|11|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.38.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.38.s.2|12|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.39.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.39.s.2|16|1|350|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.40.s.1|18|1|830|alpino_lc|684
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.40.s.2|21|1|730|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.40.s.3|14|1|2410|alpino_lc|1390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.40.s.4|20|1|370|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.40.s.5|15|1|680|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000226.p.41.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.1.s.1|10|1|770|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.2.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.3.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.1|24|1|2640|alpino_lc|1952
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.2|22|1|950|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.3|6|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.8|14|1|610|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.10|27|1|2800|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.11|38|1|3440|alpino_lc|2035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.12|11|1|290|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.5.s.13|9|1|130|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.6.s.1|22|1|1700|alpino_lc|1084
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.6.s.2|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.6.s.3|27|1|6040|alpino_lc|3360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.1|10|1|600|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.2|16|1|230|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.3|27|1|700|alpino_lc|470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.4|12|1|230|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.5|20|1|2710|alpino_lc|879
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.6|7|1|230|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.8|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|833
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.9|20|1|550|alpino_lc|667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.10|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.7.s.11|19|1|1280|alpino_lc|757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.8.s.1|22|1|1830|alpino_lc|756
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.8.s.2|29|1|26690|alpino_lc|34242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.8.s.3|14|1|930|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.8.s.4|18|1|900|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.8.s.5|10|1|420|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.9.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.10.s.1|26|1|3350|alpino_lc|2283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.11.s.1|13|1|440|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.11.s.2|23|1|6760|alpino_lc|7266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.11.s.3|11|1|400|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.12.s.1|19|1|1870|alpino_lc|1033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.13.s.1|21|1|3230|alpino_lc|1055
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.13.s.2|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.13.s.3|17|1|620|alpino_lc|553
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.14.s.1|15|1|590|alpino_lc|344
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.14.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.14.s.3|14|1|190|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.15.s.1|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|969
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.15.s.2|22|1|6490|alpino_lc|5397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.15.s.3|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.1|10|1|880|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.2|21|1|6100|alpino_lc|1343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.3|11|1|600|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.4|18|1|1920|alpino_lc|1293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.5|12|1|430|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.6|14|1|500|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.7|11|1|160|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.16.s.8|6|1|170|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.2|21|1|2410|alpino_lc|1786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.4|8|1|120|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.5|12|1|120|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.17.s.6|22|1|2450|alpino_lc|1470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.18.s.1|19|1|420|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.18.s.2|19|1|5080|alpino_lc|5424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.18.s.3|16|1|1590|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.18.s.4|37|1|25190|alpino_lc|12973
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.19.s.1|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.19.s.2|37|1|11740|alpino_lc|3080
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.19.s.3|14|1|560|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.20.s.1|32|1|63000|alpino_lc|26216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.21.s.1|25|1|25590|alpino_lc|5581
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.21.s.2|24|1|5990|alpino_lc|10173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.22.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|925
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.22.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.22.s.3|8|1|390|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.23.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.23.s.2|12|1|530|alpino_lc|420
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.24.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.25.s.1|25|1|1690|alpino_lc|1048
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.25.s.2|20|1|600|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.25.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.25.s.4|19|1|760|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.25.s.5|7|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.2|14|1|710|alpino_lc|516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.3|11|1|380|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.4|9|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.5|30|1|950|alpino_lc|641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.6|22|1|730|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.7|8|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.8|30|1|860|alpino_lc|752
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.9|28|1|1850|alpino_lc|700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.26.s.10|51|1|6860|alpino_lc|3054
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.27.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.3|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|888
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.4|8|1|190|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.5|16|1|1590|alpino_lc|1781
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.28.s.6|6|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.29.s.1|19|1|1780|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.29.s.2|16|1|330|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.30.s.1|19|1|8230|alpino_lc|7121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.30.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.30.s.3|16|1|410|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.30.s.4|25|1|780|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.3|12|1|390|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.5|23|1|5450|alpino_lc|4604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.6|18|1|5020|alpino_lc|3069
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.31.s.7|12|1|220|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.32.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.32.s.2|7|1|270|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.33.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.33.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.33.s.3|22|1|630|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.33.s.4|9|1|300|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.33.s.5|25|1|1360|alpino_lc|833
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.34.s.1|24|1|6740|alpino_lc|6689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.35.s.1|24|1|1460|alpino_lc|1664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.35.s.2|23|1|1870|alpino_lc|969
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.35.s.3|9|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.35.s.4|11|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.1|11|1|1190|alpino_lc|1229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.2|9|1|210|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.36.s.6|9|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.37.s.1|14|1|830|alpino_lc|661
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.38.s.1|25|1|15500|alpino_lc|7191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.38.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.38.s.3|12|1|700|alpino_lc|629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.39.s.1|19|1|780|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.39.s.2|12|1|400|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.40.s.1|10|1|330|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.40.s.2|15|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.40.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.41.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.41.s.2|10|1|700|alpino_lc|407
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.41.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.41.s.4|16|1|410|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.41.s.5|18|1|3020|alpino_lc|790
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.42.s.1|10|1|310|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.42.s.2|11|1|820|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.42.s.3|8|1|330|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.42.s.4|21|1|870|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.43.s.1|8|1|330|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.43.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.44.s.1|35|1|23850|alpino_lc|9768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.44.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.44.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.44.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.3|14|1|160|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.5|11|1|320|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.6|4|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.7|3|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.8|6|1|210|alpino_lc|152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.9|9|1|450|alpino_lc|300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.45.s.10|30|1|1620|alpino_lc|1313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.46.s.1|15|1|680|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.47.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.2|8|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.4|16|1|880|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.5|8|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.6|20|1|840|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000227.p.48.s.7|12|1|120|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.1.s.1|8|1|360|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.2.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.3.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.1|17|1|450|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.2|19|1|850|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.3|19|1|620|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.4|15|1|2300|alpino_lc|1241
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.5|24|1|5910|alpino_lc|5677
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.5.s.6|22|1|2390|alpino_lc|2286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.1|9|1|230|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.2|38|1|10650|alpino_lc|5418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.3|30|1|19510|alpino_lc|7525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.5|10|1|420|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.6|21|1|550|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.7|17|1|510|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.6.s.8|15|1|480|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.7.s.1|19|1|720|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.1|11|1|1340|alpino_lc|1787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.4|26|1|690|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.5|12|1|520|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.8.s.6|13|1|280|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.9.s.1|17|1|570|alpino_lc|452
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.10.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.10.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.10.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.11.s.1|26|1|38930|alpino_lc|52754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.12.s.1|20|1|4110|alpino_lc|1678
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.12.s.2|23|1|850|alpino_lc|778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.13.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.13.s.2|16|1|650|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.14.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.14.s.2|11|1|460|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.14.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.14.s.4|15|1|190|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.15.s.1|16|1|530|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.15.s.2|11|1|460|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.15.s.3|8|1|560|alpino_lc|416
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.1|26|1|4250|alpino_lc|1991
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.2|20|1|2740|alpino_lc|3197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.3|9|1|270|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.5|23|1|930|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.6|8|1|200|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.7|21|1|1660|alpino_lc|1066
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.16.s.8|17|1|860|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.17.s.1|18|1|2070|alpino_lc|1598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.17.s.2|18|1|550|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.18.s.1|21|1|4620|alpino_lc|4093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.18.s.2|14|1|490|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.19.s.1|10|1|380|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.20.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.21.s.1|19|1|620|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.22.s.1|9|1|300|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.22.s.2|33|1|7460|alpino_lc|740
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.22.s.3|14|1|250|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.23.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.23.s.2|17|1|1190|alpino_lc|596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.23.s.3|14|1|410|alpino_lc|165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.24.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.25.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.25.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.25.s.3|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.25.s.4|12|1|350|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.26.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.27.s.1|16|1|530|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.27.s.2|10|1|720|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.28.s.1|17|1|2990|alpino_lc|4658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.28.s.2|15|1|9370|alpino_lc|5718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.28.s.3|34|1|10870|alpino_lc|5932
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.28.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.3|9|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.4|12|1|330|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.29.s.6|19|1|1970|alpino_lc|1093
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.30.s.1|18|1|1100|alpino_lc|1115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.30.s.2|34|1|9840|alpino_lc|6343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.31.s.1|22|1|4190|alpino_lc|2945
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.31.s.2|16|1|340|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.31.s.3|17|1|300|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.31.s.4|13|1|500|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.31.s.5|11|1|320|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.1|13|1|940|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.2|19|1|1490|alpino_lc|1356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.3|9|1|430|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.4|15|1|220|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.5|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.32.s.6|9|1|150|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.1|17|1|4030|alpino_lc|1980
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.2|15|1|960|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.4|10|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.5|8|1|160|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.6|9|1|310|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.33.s.7|9|1|340|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.34.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.34.s.2|8|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.35.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.35.s.2|22|1|2720|alpino_lc|1614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.36.s.1|20|1|690|alpino_lc|510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.36.s.2|34|1|15130|alpino_lc|3198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.36.s.3|19|1|3850|alpino_lc|1130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.36.s.4|12|1|870|alpino_lc|783
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.37.s.1|15|1|1980|alpino_lc|963
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.37.s.2|19|1|2260|alpino_lc|2916
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.38.s.1|11|1|450|alpino_lc|428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.38.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.38.s.3|32|1|10270|alpino_lc|10013
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.38.s.4|27|1|910|alpino_lc|865
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.38.s.5|17|1|1810|alpino_lc|2398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.39.s.1|17|1|470|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.39.s.2|25|1|810|alpino_lc|605
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.40.s.1|16|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.40.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.41.s.1|31|1|16680|alpino_lc|11850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.41.s.2|21|1|520|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.41.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.41.s.4|15|1|280|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.42.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.42.s.2|25|1|1010|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.42.s.3|42|1|17270|alpino_lc|9355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.42.s.4|15|1|430|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.43.s.1|19|1|7430|alpino_lc|3714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.43.s.2|16|1|1560|alpino_lc|803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.43.s.3|17|1|310|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.1|21|1|1090|alpino_lc|922
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.2|20|1|1830|alpino_lc|3030
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.4|21|1|12900|alpino_lc|12203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.44.s.6|17|1|310|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.1|10|1|430|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.2|9|1|70|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.3|6|1|160|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.7|19|1|840|alpino_lc|738
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.8|6|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.45.s.9|15|1|230|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.3|15|1|460|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.5|9|1|330|alpino_lc|293
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.6|19|1|1130|alpino_lc|1084
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.7|10|1|240|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.8|14|1|470|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.9|12|1|320|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.10|17|1|490|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.11|10|1|220|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.46.s.12|12|1|970|alpino_lc|762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.47.s.1|10|1|380|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.48.s.1|27|1|1570|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.48.s.2|15|1|730|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.48.s.3|7|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.49.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.49.s.2|14|1|940|alpino_lc|820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.50.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.51.s.1|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|1045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.51.s.2|38|1|8040|alpino_lc|2124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.51.s.3|12|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000228.p.51.s.4|18|1|260|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.1.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.2.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.3.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.4.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.1|6|1|290|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.2|13|1|300|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.3|19|1|790|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.4|18|1|560|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.5|7|1|150|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.5.s.6|9|1|350|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.1|22|1|4090|alpino_lc|1579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.2|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.3|9|1|400|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.4|15|1|680|alpino_lc|359
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.5|12|1|150|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.6|21|1|500|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.7|25|1|2820|alpino_lc|1772
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.8|20|1|960|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.9|7|1|140|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.10|13|1|400|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.11|11|1|1140|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.12|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|1009
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.6.s.13|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.3|12|1|420|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.4|17|1|1570|alpino_lc|754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.5|8|1|160|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.6|16|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.7.s.7|11|1|190|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.8.s.1|10|1|390|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.8.s.2|16|1|750|alpino_lc|641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.8.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.1|13|1|530|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.2|8|1|160|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.3|10|1|410|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.4|48|1|30270|alpino_lc|8706
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.5|15|1|300|alpino_lc|204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.7|9|1|130|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.8|15|1|1330|alpino_lc|1336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.9|9|1|580|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.10|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.11|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.9.s.12|12|1|2110|alpino_lc|4802
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.10.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.10.s.2|17|1|6000|alpino_lc|2008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.10.s.3|20|1|8130|alpino_lc|6507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.1|21|1|360|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.2|13|1|280|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.3|28|1|4740|alpino_lc|7627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.4|12|1|140|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.5|11|1|390|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.6|14|1|1020|alpino_lc|896
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.7|20|1|1960|alpino_lc|1403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.8|10|1|500|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.9|17|1|890|alpino_lc|775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.11.s.10|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.12.s.1|19|1|480|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.12.s.2|20|1|840|alpino_lc|418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.13.s.1|75|1|1846320|alpino_lc|82823
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.14.s.1|19|1|2240|alpino_lc|2188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.15.s.1|18|1|1370|alpino_lc|1244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.15.s.2|9|1|820|alpino_lc|496
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.16.s.1|6|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.16.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.17.s.1|15|1|1160|alpino_lc|826
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.18.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.2|11|1|3260|alpino_lc|1398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.3|6|1|170|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.4|14|1|1620|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.5|11|1|350|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.19.s.6|14|1|1240|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.3|26|1|1260|alpino_lc|452
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.4|24|1|3850|alpino_lc|2279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.5|19|1|480|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.6|13|1|270|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.7|17|1|700|alpino_lc|751
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.8|15|1|1850|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.9|17|1|680|alpino_lc|599
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.20.s.10|19|1|12190|alpino_lc|12187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.21.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.22.s.1|18|1|680|alpino_lc|352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.23.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.23.s.2|17|1|340|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.23.s.3|15|1|2130|alpino_lc|1391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.23.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.23.s.5|24|1|1390|alpino_lc|1308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.24.s.1|14|1|970|alpino_lc|929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.25.s.1|18|1|360|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.26.s.1|9|1|320|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.26.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.26.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.27.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.27.s.2|11|1|270|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.27.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.27.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.28.s.1|25|1|12030|alpino_lc|3064
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.28.s.2|11|1|200|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.28.s.3|17|1|1350|alpino_lc|793
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.28.s.4|17|1|1490|alpino_lc|838
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.28.s.5|17|1|1520|alpino_lc|1051
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.29.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.29.s.2|30|1|1580|alpino_lc|1552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.3|13|1|920|alpino_lc|692
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.4|17|1|450|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.30.s.6|20|1|440|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.1|20|1|570|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.2|28|1|1100|alpino_lc|956
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.3|19|1|930|alpino_lc|741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.5|14|1|280|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.6|15|1|780|alpino_lc|679
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.7|10|1|290|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.8|32|1|930|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.9|20|1|620|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.10|10|1|400|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.31.s.11|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|1383
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.32.s.1|19|1|1570|alpino_lc|1130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.32.s.2|26|1|3970|alpino_lc|5351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.32.s.3|9|1|190|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.32.s.4|16|1|2270|alpino_lc|1525
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.1|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|791
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.4|16|1|330|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.5|15|1|460|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.33.s.6|17|1|340|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.34.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.34.s.2|15|1|650|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.34.s.3|22|1|2250|alpino_lc|1700
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.35.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.35.s.2|9|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.35.s.3|21|1|8620|alpino_lc|3856
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.35.s.4|11|1|410|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.35.s.5|16|1|340|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.36.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.36.s.2|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.36.s.3|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|556
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.36.s.4|20|1|1340|alpino_lc|583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.37.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.37.s.2|6|1|220|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.38.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.39.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.40.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.41.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.42.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.43.s.1|16|1|2170|alpino_lc|2484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.44.s.1|13|1|1190|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.44.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.44.s.3|17|1|2800|alpino_lc|4372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000229.p.45.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.1.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.2.s.1|8|1|360|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.3.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.4.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.5.s.1|22|1|750|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.5.s.2|22|1|1430|alpino_lc|2140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.5.s.3|24|1|440|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.5.s.4|8|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.5.s.5|15|1|480|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.6.s.1|9|1|750|alpino_lc|584
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.6.s.2|16|1|4470|alpino_lc|2935
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.6.s.3|43|1|22930|alpino_lc|27996
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.6.s.4|12|1|730|alpino_lc|1358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.7.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.7.s.2|44|1|10900|alpino_lc|5909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.7.s.3|31|1|6010|alpino_lc|7381
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.7.s.4|29|1|2820|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.1|20|1|5950|alpino_lc|4694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.2|19|1|1260|alpino_lc|710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.4|10|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.5|21|1|3010|alpino_lc|1439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.6|11|1|390|alpino_lc|459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.7|17|1|770|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.8.s.8|10|1|250|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.9.s.1|10|1|360|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.9.s.2|20|1|490|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.9.s.3|24|1|10640|alpino_lc|785
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.10.s.1|11|1|1160|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.10.s.2|15|1|630|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.10.s.3|23|1|700|alpino_lc|352
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.10.s.4|27|1|910|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.10.s.5|24|1|8760|alpino_lc|1340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.11.s.1|19|1|700|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.11.s.2|12|1|2440|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.11.s.3|13|1|290|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.11.s.4|17|1|5510|alpino_lc|4489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.11.s.5|20|1|2910|alpino_lc|1372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.12.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.1|21|1|770|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.2|18|1|1330|alpino_lc|1108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.3|18|1|2180|alpino_lc|1268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.4|13|1|1600|alpino_lc|693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.5|18|1|1630|alpino_lc|958
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.13.s.6|25|1|1580|alpino_lc|982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.1|13|1|620|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.14.s.6|9|1|820|alpino_lc|602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.15.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.15.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.15.s.3|25|1|4510|alpino_lc|3412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.15.s.4|5|1|120|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.15.s.5|23|1|1400|alpino_lc|1007
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.16.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.16.s.2|11|1|220|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.16.s.3|15|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.16.s.4|14|1|200|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.17.s.1|20|1|750|alpino_lc|473
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.1|28|1|3160|alpino_lc|2029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.3|12|1|3120|alpino_lc|2958
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.4|15|1|250|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.5|10|1|340|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.18.s.6|12|1|260|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.1|17|1|1000|alpino_lc|707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.2|22|1|1010|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.3|20|1|10190|alpino_lc|3257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.5|27|1|2360|alpino_lc|982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.6|12|1|860|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.7|10|1|170|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.8|17|1|400|alpino_lc|636
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.9|10|1|200|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.10|59|1|11000|alpino_lc|10432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.11|19|1|660|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.12|37|1|20060|alpino_lc|6315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.13|13|1|260|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.19.s.14|11|1|250|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.20.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.20.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.20.s.3|10|1|450|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.20.s.4|18|1|5240|alpino_lc|5576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.21.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.22.s.1|27|1|490|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.22.s.2|19|1|2020|alpino_lc|1614
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.22.s.3|24|1|1610|alpino_lc|1508
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.22.s.4|21|1|620|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.23.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.24.s.1|24|1|6110|alpino_lc|4589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.24.s.2|26|1|2020|alpino_lc|2040
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.24.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.24.s.4|13|1|330|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.24.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.2|7|1|200|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.4|9|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.5|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.6|10|1|210|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.7|11|1|350|alpino_lc|481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.8|11|1|200|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.9|21|1|9180|alpino_lc|8616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.10|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.25.s.11|7|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.26.s.1|12|1|410|alpino_lc|686
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.27.s.1|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.27.s.2|22|1|3110|alpino_lc|885
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.27.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.27.s.4|13|1|250|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.28.s.1|16|1|2410|alpino_lc|1545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.28.s.2|55|1|5300|alpino_lc|3846
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.29.s.1|15|1|1170|alpino_lc|1185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.30.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.1|21|1|15790|alpino_lc|14167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.2|18|1|800|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.4|10|1|230|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.5|15|1|180|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000230.p.31.s.6|8|1|540|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.1.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.2.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.3.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.4.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.5|22|1|2770|alpino_lc|1607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.6|38|1|8850|alpino_lc|885
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.7|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.5.s.8|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.6.s.1|15|1|550|alpino_lc|343
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.6.s.2|18|1|710|alpino_lc|640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.6.s.3|13|1|810|alpino_lc|865
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.1|11|1|460|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.2|22|1|4570|alpino_lc|1311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.3|22|1|520|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.4|6|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.5|9|1|350|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.7.s.6|12|1|120|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.8.s.1|17|1|700|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.8.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.9.s.1|15|1|5660|alpino_lc|2583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.9.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.10.s.1|14|1|1750|alpino_lc|1251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.11.s.1|12|1|270|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.12.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.12.s.2|8|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.12.s.3|10|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.12.s.4|9|1|270|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.13.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.13.s.2|8|1|320|alpino_lc|355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.13.s.3|15|1|320|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.13.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.13.s.5|12|1|540|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.1|11|1|570|alpino_lc|415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.2|16|1|1190|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.3|9|1|400|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.4|17|1|1850|alpino_lc|1567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.14.s.6|8|1|260|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.15.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.15.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.15.s.3|10|1|4170|alpino_lc|835
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.16.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.16.s.2|18|1|5760|alpino_lc|9780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.1|23|1|3040|alpino_lc|1031
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.3|14|1|930|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.4|12|1|800|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.5|11|1|150|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.17.s.6|24|1|12700|alpino_lc|12322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.1|24|1|740|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.2|19|1|1590|alpino_lc|334
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.3|16|1|1320|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.4|12|1|170|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.5|13|1|840|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.6|21|1|370|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.7|18|1|2080|alpino_lc|1197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.8|7|1|220|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.9|15|1|200|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.18.s.10|34|1|4920|alpino_lc|4714
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.19.s.1|37|1|16270|alpino_lc|2534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.19.s.2|28|1|1140|alpino_lc|1280
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.20.s.1|15|1|990|alpino_lc|697
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.20.s.2|28|1|8080|alpino_lc|3382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.1|21|1|1690|alpino_lc|1764
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.3|16|1|410|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.5|22|1|1190|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.21.s.6|17|1|1540|alpino_lc|1386
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.22.s.1|39|1|2960|alpino_lc|1512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.22.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.22.s.3|20|1|520|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.22.s.4|9|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.23.s.1|2|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.24.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.24.s.2|23|1|4050|alpino_lc|1487
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.24.s.3|10|1|490|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.25.s.1|18|1|210|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.25.s.2|12|1|700|alpino_lc|610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.3|11|1|820|alpino_lc|618
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.4|8|1|490|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.5|5|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.6|21|1|3210|alpino_lc|1870
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.7|16|1|320|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.26.s.8|15|1|320|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.27.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.27.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.27.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.27.s.4|15|1|380|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.28.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.29.s.1|18|1|3050|alpino_lc|2106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.29.s.2|9|1|460|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.29.s.3|15|1|190|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.30.s.1|6|1|230|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.30.s.2|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.30.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.31.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.31.s.2|21|1|4610|alpino_lc|1477
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.31.s.3|12|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.31.s.4|16|1|5220|alpino_lc|6927
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.31.s.5|15|1|1500|alpino_lc|602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.32.s.1|13|1|3190|alpino_lc|1881
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.33.s.1|17|1|1320|alpino_lc|1796
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.34.s.1|19|1|1880|alpino_lc|851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.34.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.34.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.34.s.4|7|1|250|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.35.s.1|20|1|1880|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.35.s.2|10|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.36.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.37.s.1|17|1|3210|alpino_lc|1130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.38.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.39.s.1|16|1|680|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.39.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.39.s.3|12|1|950|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.40.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.41.s.1|10|1|230|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.41.s.2|11|1|1070|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.41.s.3|11|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.42.s.1|11|1|270|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.43.s.1|18|1|630|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.43.s.2|20|1|1370|alpino_lc|792
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.43.s.3|18|1|1990|alpino_lc|497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.44.s.1|27|1|6130|alpino_lc|3737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.45.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.45.s.2|16|1|710|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.1|28|1|2530|alpino_lc|1034
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.3|13|1|730|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.4|17|1|350|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.46.s.6|11|1|180|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.47.s.1|21|1|580|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.48.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.48.s.2|13|1|180|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.48.s.3|20|1|5010|alpino_lc|4376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.48.s.4|21|1|12590|alpino_lc|4459
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.49.s.1|17|1|930|alpino_lc|1601
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.49.s.2|20|1|330|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.49.s.3|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|1341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.50.s.1|12|1|420|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.51.s.1|11|1|1170|alpino_lc|757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.51.s.2|22|1|7380|alpino_lc|3190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.52.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.53.s.1|21|1|4220|alpino_lc|2379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.53.s.2|18|1|760|alpino_lc|675
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.54.s.1|31|1|3190|alpino_lc|3546
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.54.s.2|19|1|890|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.54.s.3|17|1|710|alpino_lc|303
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.54.s.4|11|1|270|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.1|11|1|110|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.2|31|1|10130|alpino_lc|5783
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.3|27|1|29070|alpino_lc|8741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.4|16|1|3400|alpino_lc|1302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.6|21|1|4910|alpino_lc|2150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.7|10|1|230|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.8|25|1|1390|alpino_lc|872
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.55.s.9|7|1|170|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.56.s.1|18|1|930|alpino_lc|883
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.57.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.58.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000231.p.58.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.1.s.1|31|1|1610|alpino_lc|908
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.2.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.3.s.1|29|1|11860|alpino_lc|5485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.4.s.1|13|1|480|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.5.s.1|11|1|600|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.5.s.2|12|1|2010|alpino_lc|1750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.6.s.1|13|1|430|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.6.s.2|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.6.s.3|15|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.6.s.4|10|1|310|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.7.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.7.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.7.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.7.s.4|14|1|280|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.7.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.8.s.1|16|1|1360|alpino_lc|458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.8.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.8.s.3|13|1|210|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.8.s.4|14|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.9.s.1|21|1|5650|alpino_lc|3892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.9.s.2|23|1|1130|alpino_lc|363
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.9.s.3|9|1|350|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.10.s.1|24|1|1810|alpino_lc|602
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.11.s.1|14|1|420|alpino_lc|313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.11.s.2|14|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.12.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.13.s.1|14|1|720|alpino_lc|464
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.13.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.13.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.14.s.1|17|1|1480|alpino_lc|1183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.15.s.1|18|1|1130|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.15.s.2|20|1|8940|alpino_lc|7428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.15.s.3|18|1|5860|alpino_lc|2488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.15.s.4|17|1|1080|alpino_lc|651
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.16.s.1|21|1|1170|alpino_lc|463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.16.s.2|13|1|440|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.17.s.1|24|1|2970|alpino_lc|1845
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.17.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.1|13|1|430|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.2|12|1|520|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.4|6|1|130|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.5|11|1|210|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.18.s.6|23|1|7020|alpino_lc|4180
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.19.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.19.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.19.s.3|25|1|9000|alpino_lc|1310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.20.s.1|16|1|910|alpino_lc|600
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.20.s.2|6|1|200|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.21.s.1|14|1|490|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.21.s.2|5|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.22.s.1|13|1|1430|alpino_lc|956
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.23.s.1|24|1|8970|alpino_lc|6816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.24.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.24.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.25.s.1|15|1|1650|alpino_lc|771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.1|12|1|690|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.2|24|1|3500|alpino_lc|1091
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.3|14|1|450|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.4|11|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.5|10|1|240|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.6|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|1151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.7|7|1|200|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.8|9|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.10|22|1|680|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.11|17|1|700|alpino_lc|430
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.12|11|1|250|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.26.s.13|8|1|90|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.27.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.28.s.1|18|1|1730|alpino_lc|2664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.29.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.30.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.31.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.33.s.1|22|1|2710|alpino_lc|1050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.33.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.33.s.3|13|1|910|alpino_lc|475
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.33.s.4|20|1|840|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.1|12|1|900|alpino_lc|585
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.4|14|1|540|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000232.p.34.s.6|11|1|540|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.1.s.1|26|1|4080|alpino_lc|2058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.2.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.3.s.1|26|1|690|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.3.s.2|31|1|2120|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.3.s.3|20|1|740|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.3.s.4|23|1|31290|alpino_lc|7045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.4.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.4.s.2|21|1|1410|alpino_lc|847
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.4.s.3|32|1|3270|alpino_lc|1962
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.5.s.1|23|1|2420|alpino_lc|1868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.6.s.1|17|1|390|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.6.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.6.s.3|25|1|4150|alpino_lc|1801
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.7.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.8.s.1|8|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.2|12|1|370|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.3|26|1|2680|alpino_lc|2884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.9.s.6|27|1|3590|alpino_lc|1645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.10.s.1|27|1|8360|alpino_lc|8168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.10.s.2|18|1|4290|alpino_lc|1402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.10.s.3|22|1|19990|alpino_lc|3008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.10.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.10.s.5|9|1|280|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.2|13|1|510|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.3|11|1|210|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.5|11|1|660|alpino_lc|360
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.6|16|1|270|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.7|17|1|870|alpino_lc|517
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.8|37|1|1870|alpino_lc|921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.9|11|1|250|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.10|16|1|410|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.11|30|1|1940|alpino_lc|816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.12|11|1|490|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.13|12|1|660|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.11.s.14|21|1|520|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.12.s.1|23|1|1480|alpino_lc|733
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.12.s.2|29|1|2890|alpino_lc|928
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.12.s.3|10|1|250|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.12.s.4|15|1|1870|alpino_lc|2039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.13.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.13.s.2|23|1|6590|alpino_lc|3889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.13.s.3|18|1|580|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.13.s.4|13|1|150|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.13.s.5|14|1|920|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.1|14|1|1900|alpino_lc|1773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.2|13|1|650|alpino_lc|347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.4|17|1|520|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.5|14|1|3110|alpino_lc|608
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.6|13|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.7|22|1|3020|alpino_lc|2052
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.8|13|1|390|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.9|11|1|470|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.14.s.10|27|1|1430|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.15.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.16.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.16.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.16.s.3|4|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.1|15|1|8980|alpino_lc|4745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.3|6|1|380|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.4|19|1|1480|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.5|15|1|490|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.17.s.6|9|1|120|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.18.s.1|19|1|1030|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.18.s.2|22|1|1760|alpino_lc|1365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.19.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.19.s.2|17|1|400|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.19.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.19.s.4|26|1|1500|alpino_lc|1078
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.20.s.1|19|1|310|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.20.s.2|27|1|2760|alpino_lc|2985
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.20.s.3|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|1114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.20.s.4|11|1|400|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.2|15|1|640|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.3|16|1|730|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.4|7|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.5|13|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.21.s.6|16|1|470|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.22.s.1|17|1|2710|alpino_lc|2330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.23.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.23.s.2|14|1|550|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.23.s.3|20|1|3530|alpino_lc|3534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.23.s.4|13|1|280|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.23.s.5|15|1|340|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.1|22|1|5350|alpino_lc|1560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.3|15|1|700|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.4|23|1|8340|alpino_lc|1844
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.6|18|1|350|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.7|16|1|340|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.8|22|1|4230|alpino_lc|3476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.9|22|1|13160|alpino_lc|6060
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.24.s.10|9|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.25.s.1|12|1|470|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.26.s.1|31|1|14810|alpino_lc|9505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.27.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.28.s.1|24|1|970|alpino_lc|1318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.29.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.30.s.1|25|1|3760|alpino_lc|1082
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.30.s.2|18|1|3450|alpino_lc|739
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.30.s.3|18|1|610|alpino_lc|745
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.30.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.31.s.1|12|1|470|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.31.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.32.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.32.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.32.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.33.s.1|16|1|450|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.33.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.33.s.3|16|1|470|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.34.s.1|24|1|900|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.35.s.1|32|1|4340|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.35.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.35.s.3|18|1|1320|alpino_lc|1189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.35.s.4|36|1|8250|alpino_lc|2283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.35.s.5|7|1|100|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.36.s.1|30|1|3200|alpino_lc|1291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.36.s.2|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.36.s.3|23|1|650|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.37.s.1|30|1|3240|alpino_lc|1291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.37.s.2|15|1|1190|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.37.s.3|23|1|710|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.37.s.4|21|1|1530|alpino_lc|1021
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.1|19|1|2770|alpino_lc|2323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.2|23|1|1110|alpino_lc|292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.3|14|1|740|alpino_lc|1092
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.4|21|1|1550|alpino_lc|1021
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.5|16|1|250|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.6|19|1|710|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.7|9|1|300|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.8|17|1|1410|alpino_lc|1551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.9|12|1|420|alpino_lc|411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000233.p.38.s.10|18|1|860|alpino_lc|497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.1.s.1|29|1|3400|alpino_lc|3012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.2.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.3.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.3.s.2|28|1|10210|alpino_lc|1401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.3.s.3|12|1|400|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.3.s.4|22|1|2530|alpino_lc|849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.4.s.1|10|1|320|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.4.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.4.s.3|28|1|183270|alpino_lc|42575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.5.s.1|25|1|6160|alpino_lc|1572
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.5.s.2|13|1|910|alpino_lc|672
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.6.s.1|20|1|550|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.7.s.1|26|1|2810|alpino_lc|3022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.8.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.8.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.8.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.8.s.4|12|1|590|alpino_lc|451
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.9.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.9.s.2|11|1|610|alpino_lc|563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.10.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.10.s.2|13|1|1560|alpino_lc|2086
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.11.s.1|14|1|960|alpino_lc|437
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.11.s.2|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.11.s.3|22|1|10060|alpino_lc|4982
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.11.s.4|18|1|3470|alpino_lc|2765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.11.s.5|25|1|1490|alpino_lc|542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.12.s.1|16|1|690|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.12.s.2|21|1|2610|alpino_lc|1480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.12.s.3|12|1|140|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.12.s.4|22|1|3310|alpino_lc|1880
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.1|10|1|310|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.2|13|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.3|12|1|470|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.4|29|1|14450|alpino_lc|4834
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.5|18|1|370|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.6|6|1|200|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.7|13|1|140|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.13.s.8|23|1|5190|alpino_lc|901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.14.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.14.s.2|25|1|1310|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.14.s.3|12|1|370|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.1|16|1|1440|alpino_lc|1292
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.3|14|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.4|16|1|330|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.5|13|1|230|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.15.s.6|9|1|170|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.16.s.1|14|1|3350|alpino_lc|2313
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.16.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.16.s.3|14|1|740|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.16.s.4|23|1|2630|alpino_lc|1015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.16.s.5|23|1|4560|alpino_lc|4393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.2|12|1|330|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.3|34|1|5030|alpino_lc|1901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.4|21|1|17080|alpino_lc|4797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.6|29|1|2440|alpino_lc|798
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.17.s.7|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.18.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.1|23|1|540|alpino_lc|144
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.2|18|1|270|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.3|13|1|1130|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.4|13|1|750|alpino_lc|586
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.5|7|1|130|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.19.s.6|9|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.1|12|1|700|alpino_lc|538
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.2|11|1|170|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.3|10|1|80|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.5|9|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.20.s.6|14|1|340|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.21.s.1|14|1|3020|alpino_lc|1214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.21.s.2|15|1|1020|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.21.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.21.s.4|10|1|290|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.22.s.1|13|1|280|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.22.s.2|20|1|610|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.22.s.3|8|1|380|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.22.s.4|16|1|760|alpino_lc|419
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.23.s.1|26|1|1100|alpino_lc|515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.24.s.1|19|1|8300|alpino_lc|8470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.24.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.25.s.1|25|1|2330|alpino_lc|1759
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.25.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.25.s.3|9|1|140|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.26.s.1|24|1|5810|alpino_lc|3510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.26.s.2|22|1|1220|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.26.s.3|19|1|2530|alpino_lc|1547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.27.s.1|13|1|270|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.27.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.27.s.3|27|1|1370|alpino_lc|945
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.28.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.28.s.2|24|1|1560|alpino_lc|1002
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.28.s.3|13|1|450|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.29.s.1|13|1|600|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.1|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|622
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.2|16|1|1330|alpino_lc|729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.3|25|1|3590|alpino_lc|2028
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.4|23|1|3450|alpino_lc|1476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.5|15|1|300|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.30.s.6|12|1|340|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.2|30|1|2250|alpino_lc|1803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.3|23|1|480|alpino_lc|217
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.5|13|1|670|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.6|9|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.7|28|1|3880|alpino_lc|2056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.8|20|1|4030|alpino_lc|2815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.9|21|1|910|alpino_lc|495
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.10|8|1|180|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.11|12|1|400|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.31.s.12|39|1|4570|alpino_lc|3011
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.2|12|1|980|alpino_lc|768
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.3|19|1|980|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.4|8|1|200|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.5|14|1|230|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.6|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.32.s.7|13|1|360|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.33.s.1|19|1|3900|alpino_lc|2423
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.33.s.2|15|1|650|alpino_lc|568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.33.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.33.s.4|6|1|210|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.33.s.5|15|1|480|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.1|20|1|1310|alpino_lc|970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.2|11|1|470|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.4|10|1|80|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.6|21|1|910|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.7|13|1|600|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.8|10|1|260|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.14|21|1|5320|alpino_lc|5022
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.15|23|1|960|alpino_lc|414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.16|14|1|400|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.34.s.22|36|1|4380|alpino_lc|3690
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.35.s.1|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.35.s.2|24|1|1070|alpino_lc|521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.35.s.3|12|1|1050|alpino_lc|828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.35.s.4|21|1|4580|alpino_lc|1147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.3|33|1|10930|alpino_lc|3471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.4|18|1|370|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.5|26|1|14550|alpino_lc|8326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.6|10|1|610|alpino_lc|510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.7|25|1|12460|alpino_lc|7694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.8|14|1|350|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.9|6|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.36.s.10|32|1|8410|alpino_lc|7617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.37.s.1|16|1|230|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.37.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|441
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.38.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.38.s.2|8|1|250|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.38.s.3|11|1|370|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.38.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.39.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.1|16|1|4350|alpino_lc|4185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.2|16|1|1770|alpino_lc|803
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.3|16|1|1510|alpino_lc|318
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.4|13|1|900|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.5|10|1|130|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000234.p.40.s.6|5|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.1.s.1|25|1|1120|alpino_lc|505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.2.s.1|5|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.3.s.1|18|1|1570|alpino_lc|1569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.3.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.3.s.3|26|1|2820|alpino_lc|1992
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.4.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.4.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.4.s.3|9|1|340|alpino_lc|408
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.4.s.4|16|1|950|alpino_lc|552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.4.s.5|9|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.5.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.2|16|1|9960|alpino_lc|14157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.4|11|1|270|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.5|16|1|690|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.6|5|1|120|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.8|26|1|12630|alpino_lc|1073
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.6.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.7.s.1|27|1|790|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.7.s.2|20|1|3050|alpino_lc|2498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.7.s.3|13|1|860|alpino_lc|969
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.2|21|1|570|alpino_lc|499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.4|29|1|2740|alpino_lc|1629
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.5|16|1|530|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.6|19|1|390|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.7|11|1|980|alpino_lc|510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.8|9|1|1470|alpino_lc|1347
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.9|18|1|850|alpino_lc|1032
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.10|22|1|4140|alpino_lc|3260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.8.s.11|16|1|430|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.9.s.1|12|1|410|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.9.s.2|17|1|770|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.9.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.9.s.4|13|1|890|alpino_lc|688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.10.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.10.s.2|12|1|2040|alpino_lc|1176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.10.s.3|11|1|650|alpino_lc|810
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.10.s.4|11|1|640|alpino_lc|1038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.1|17|1|590|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.2|22|1|2080|alpino_lc|1150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.4|29|1|9990|alpino_lc|10852
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.5|6|1|160|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.7|11|1|1640|alpino_lc|1664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.8|27|1|2400|alpino_lc|1791
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.9|10|1|450|alpino_lc|702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.11.s.10|11|1|840|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.12.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.2|22|1|2830|alpino_lc|1467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.3|16|1|440|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.4|6|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.5|12|1|270|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.6|11|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.13.s.7|11|1|250|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.1|16|1|330|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.3|13|1|1580|alpino_lc|1720
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.4|13|1|770|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.5|16|1|1400|alpino_lc|739
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.6|13|1|160|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.14.s.7|6|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.1|19|1|1540|alpino_lc|800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.2|18|1|500|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.3|14|1|3140|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.4|17|1|2240|alpino_lc|3300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.15.s.6|18|1|450|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.16.s.1|16|1|420|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.16.s.2|25|1|4820|alpino_lc|1414
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.16.s.3|14|1|3990|alpino_lc|3150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.16.s.4|14|1|2480|alpino_lc|1662
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.16.s.5|22|1|1980|alpino_lc|921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.17.s.1|16|1|880|alpino_lc|338
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.17.s.2|18|1|560|alpino_lc|264
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.2|20|1|720|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.3|10|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.4|20|1|1590|alpino_lc|1970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.5|10|1|260|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.18.s.6|13|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.1|22|1|1040|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.2|9|1|310|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.3|21|1|630|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.4|10|1|360|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.5|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|932
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.6|20|1|2560|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.7|10|1|330|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.8|5|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.9|20|1|1530|alpino_lc|1195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.10|6|1|220|alpino_lc|265
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.11|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.12|19|1|900|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.13|9|1|440|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.19.s.14|23|1|1930|alpino_lc|1789
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.20.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|229
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.20.s.2|22|1|980|alpino_lc|401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.20.s.3|11|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.20.s.4|18|1|400|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.20.s.5|8|1|200|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.21.s.1|18|1|320|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.21.s.2|28|1|3260|alpino_lc|1510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.21.s.3|19|1|850|alpino_lc|687
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.21.s.4|22|1|3250|alpino_lc|665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.21.s.5|36|1|1400|alpino_lc|1101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.22.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.23.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.23.s.2|25|1|16980|alpino_lc|14750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.23.s.3|14|1|420|alpino_lc|479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.23.s.4|8|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.23.s.5|13|1|580|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.24.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.25.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.25.s.2|23|1|2260|alpino_lc|3654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.25.s.3|25|1|1010|alpino_lc|1015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.26.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.26.s.2|12|1|310|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.26.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.27.s.1|4|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.27.s.2|14|1|740|alpino_lc|931
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.27.s.3|19|1|570|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.28.s.1|13|1|410|alpino_lc|251
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.28.s.2|38|1|5960|alpino_lc|2800
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.28.s.3|14|1|690|alpino_lc|742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.28.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.29.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.30.s.1|26|1|1390|alpino_lc|482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.30.s.2|21|1|5400|alpino_lc|3123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000235.p.30.s.3|15|1|660|alpino_lc|215
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.1.s.1|19|1|370|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.2.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.3.s.1|10|1|930|alpino_lc|807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.3.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|185
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.4.s.1|15|1|2000|alpino_lc|1831
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.5.s.1|20|1|7470|alpino_lc|2827
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.5.s.2|27|1|78540|alpino_lc|1583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.5.s.3|33|1|24580|alpino_lc|27235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.6.s.1|18|1|9710|alpino_lc|4463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.6.s.2|22|1|2080|alpino_lc|869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.3|10|1|400|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.4|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.5|10|1|280|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.6|7|1|260|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.7|12|1|820|alpino_lc|729
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.7.s.8|7|1|230|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.2|24|1|9760|alpino_lc|8399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.3|19|1|610|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.4|11|1|450|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.5|15|1|1600|alpino_lc|1442
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.8.s.6|21|1|1850|alpino_lc|808
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.3|25|1|1380|alpino_lc|1929
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.4|30|1|6240|alpino_lc|5643
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.5|14|1|370|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.6|9|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.7|31|1|4790|alpino_lc|4560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.8|16|1|240|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.9|6|1|200|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.10|12|1|170|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.11|7|1|180|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.12|50|1|18150|alpino_lc|6610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.13|22|1|3930|alpino_lc|6290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.14|21|1|530|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.9.s.15|15|1|1230|alpino_lc|858
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.10.s.1|19|1|13170|alpino_lc|6038
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.10.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.10.s.3|15|1|470|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.10.s.4|19|1|730|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.10.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.11.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.11.s.2|7|1|630|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.11.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.11.s.4|6|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.12.s.1|25|1|2030|alpino_lc|798
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.2|26|1|17020|alpino_lc|6715
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.3|11|1|220|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.4|20|1|2440|alpino_lc|1285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.5|9|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.13.s.6|13|1|560|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.2|17|1|9160|alpino_lc|5794
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.3|14|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.4|14|1|220|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.5|12|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.6|9|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.7|12|1|400|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.8|20|1|2630|alpino_lc|523
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.9|14|1|390|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.10|11|1|160|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.11|15|1|540|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.14.s.12|12|1|490|alpino_lc|308
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.1|18|1|3020|alpino_lc|635
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.2|7|1|270|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.3|11|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.4|19|1|5360|alpino_lc|3777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.5|18|1|1080|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.6|5|1|30|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.15.s.7|13|1|670|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.2|19|1|610|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.3|34|1|8260|alpino_lc|9607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.4|12|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.5|27|1|2750|alpino_lc|1607
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.6|10|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.7|5|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.8|21|1|2180|alpino_lc|1685
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.16.s.9|14|1|480|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.17.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.18.s.1|18|1|3290|alpino_lc|2737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.19.s.1|20|1|970|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.19.s.2|8|1|400|alpino_lc|132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.19.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|148
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.20.s.1|18|1|6860|alpino_lc|2548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.20.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.20.s.3|14|1|2180|alpino_lc|1336
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.21.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.21.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.21.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.21.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.22.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.22.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.22.s.3|18|1|3920|alpino_lc|2049
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.22.s.4|16|1|650|alpino_lc|257
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.22.s.5|11|1|710|alpino_lc|432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.23.s.1|7|1|280|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.24.s.1|15|1|280|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.25.s.1|21|1|1390|alpino_lc|869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.26.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.26.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.26.s.3|16|1|290|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.27.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.27.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.28.s.1|19|1|300|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.29.s.1|19|1|2020|alpino_lc|1499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.30.s.1|23|1|4660|alpino_lc|2613
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.31.s.1|13|1|1930|alpino_lc|2076
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.31.s.2|10|1|1020|alpino_lc|882
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.32.s.1|13|1|890|alpino_lc|484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.32.s.2|17|1|1080|alpino_lc|606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.32.s.3|21|1|700|alpino_lc|640
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.32.s.4|7|1|720|alpino_lc|1015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.32.s.5|13|1|420|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.1|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|534
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.2|19|1|790|alpino_lc|866
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.3|16|1|2170|alpino_lc|1983
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.4|19|1|520|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.5|9|1|80|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.6|19|1|800|alpino_lc|828
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.7|8|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.8|40|1|12610|alpino_lc|16545
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.9|13|1|820|alpino_lc|794
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.10|9|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.11|6|1|380|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.12|6|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.13|12|1|2580|alpino_lc|3627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.14|23|1|2910|alpino_lc|4160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.33.s.15|20|1|1530|alpino_lc|1485
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.34.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.34.s.2|12|1|690|alpino_lc|552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.34.s.3|23|1|3100|alpino_lc|3641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.34.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.34.s.5|6|1|90|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.35.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.1|15|1|800|alpino_lc|951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.4|10|1|240|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.5|17|1|630|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.6|22|1|330|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.7|9|1|580|alpino_lc|587
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.8|23|1|3230|alpino_lc|870
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.36.s.9|15|1|1180|alpino_lc|1329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.37.s.1|17|1|860|alpino_lc|487
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.37.s.2|11|1|1040|alpino_lc|1843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.1|27|1|2610|alpino_lc|1540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.2|32|1|1180|alpino_lc|504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.4|8|1|200|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.5|13|1|370|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.38.s.7|7|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.39.s.1|18|1|480|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.39.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.39.s.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.39.s.4|19|1|2770|alpino_lc|1183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.39.s.5|17|1|570|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.40.s.1|34|1|1050|alpino_lc|246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.40.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.41.s.1|12|1|490|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.41.s.2|24|1|720|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.41.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.41.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.42.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.42.s.2|17|1|560|alpino_lc|240
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.43.s.1|14|1|630|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.44.s.1|23|1|1160|alpino_lc|816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.44.s.2|16|1|900|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.45.s.1|9|1|220|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.46.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.47.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000236.p.48.s.1|2|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.1.s.1|20|1|3500|alpino_lc|2243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.2.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.1|20|1|950|alpino_lc|510
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.2|14|1|360|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.3|10|1|870|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.5|12|1|350|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.3.s.6|16|1|290|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.1|12|1|1030|alpino_lc|926
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.3|43|1|17410|alpino_lc|5415
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.4|51|1|16690|alpino_lc|6486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.5|7|1|340|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.6|17|1|380|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.7|13|1|710|alpino_lc|368
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.8|14|1|1060|alpino_lc|578
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.9|12|1|540|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.10|16|1|780|alpino_lc|631
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.11|7|1|230|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.12|35|1|23850|alpino_lc|10307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.4.s.13|45|1|14860|alpino_lc|3924
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.5.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.5.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.5.s.3|15|1|910|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.6.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.6.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.6.s.3|14|1|320|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.7.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.7.s.2|17|1|860|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.7.s.3|25|1|1080|alpino_lc|663
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.7.s.4|12|1|350|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.7.s.5|18|1|610|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.8.s.1|36|1|23490|alpino_lc|6761
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|273
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.2|12|1|790|alpino_lc|453
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.3|16|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.4|10|1|320|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.5|30|1|13030|alpino_lc|8653
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.6|8|1|130|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.7|19|1|1460|alpino_lc|1125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.9.s.8|9|1|440|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.10.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.11.s.1|13|1|480|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.11.s.2|9|1|200|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.12.s.1.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.12.s.1.2|8|1|290|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.12.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.12.s.3|28|1|13570|alpino_lc|12285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.13.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.13.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.13.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.2|13|1|660|alpino_lc|436
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.3|10|1|260|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.4|13|1|1790|alpino_lc|1691
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.5|9|1|280|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.7|33|1|4970|alpino_lc|3509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.8|17|1|770|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.9|10|1|370|alpino_lc|387
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.10|10|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.14.s.11|16|1|250|alpino_lc|111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.15.s.1|26|1|1350|alpino_lc|813
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.15.s.2|9|1|390|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.15.s.3|13|1|1130|alpino_lc|595
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.15.s.4|10|1|340|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.15.s.5|29|1|1450|alpino_lc|580
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.16.s.1|22|1|4120|alpino_lc|718
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.16.s.2|17|1|560|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.17.s.1|14|1|20460|alpino_lc|13140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.1|18|1|1900|alpino_lc|759
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.2|25|1|1820|alpino_lc|1002
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.3|15|1|1080|alpino_lc|976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.4|17|1|460|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.5|22|1|5070|alpino_lc|2394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.18.s.6|23|1|13380|alpino_lc|13573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.19.s.1|14|1|590|alpino_lc|282
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.19.s.2|15|1|1640|alpino_lc|1449
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.19.s.3|26|1|2710|alpino_lc|2131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.21.s.1|10|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.21.s.2|13|1|1580|alpino_lc|1274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.21.s.3|13|1|270|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.22.s.1|11|1|320|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.22.s.2|17|1|2390|alpino_lc|1034
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.22.s.3|18|1|920|alpino_lc|596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.22.s.4|13|1|220|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.22.s.5|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|671
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.23.s.1|19|1|2340|alpino_lc|1062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.23.s.2|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|501
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.23.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.24.s.1|23|1|640|alpino_lc|231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.24.s.2|22|1|910|alpino_lc|688
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.24.s.3|5|1|120|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.25.s.1|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|1036
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.25.s.2|34|1|2650|alpino_lc|1094
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.25.s.3|10|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.26.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.26.s.2|16|1|640|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.26.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.26.s.4|15|1|1330|alpino_lc|1008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.26.s.5|12|1|2260|alpino_lc|1554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.27.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.27.s.2|17|1|2360|alpino_lc|1104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.28.s.1|19|1|1960|alpino_lc|1532
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.28.s.2|14|1|800|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.28.s.3|15|1|270|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.28.s.4|12|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.28.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.29.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.29.s.2|14|1|760|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.30.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.31.s.1|18|1|700|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.31.s.2|21|1|780|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.31.s.3|23|1|1050|alpino_lc|329
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.31.s.4|22|1|650|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.1|21|1|4790|alpino_lc|2892
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.2|11|1|550|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.3|18|1|700|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.4|18|1|1380|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.5|10|1|120|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.32.s.6|10|1|280|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.1|8|1|280|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.2|11|1|380|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.3|13|1|280|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.4|8|1|210|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.5|22|1|970|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.33.s.6|12|1|370|alpino_lc|330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.2|18|1|1820|alpino_lc|930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.3|30|1|790|alpino_lc|312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.4|13|1|380|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.34.s.6|11|1|970|alpino_lc|405
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.35.s.1|16|1|3510|alpino_lc|2300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.2|16|1|850|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.3|14|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.4|13|1|300|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.5|12|1|190|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.6|13|1|770|alpino_lc|786
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.36.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.37.s.1|20|1|410|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.37.s.2|16|1|240|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.37.s.3|22|1|2300|alpino_lc|2009
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.38.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.38.s.2|37|1|4390|alpino_lc|3331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.38.s.3|15|1|600|alpino_lc|285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.38.s.4|16|1|500|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.38.s.5|10|1|260|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.39.s.1|16|1|5590|alpino_lc|2361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.39.s.2|15|1|200|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.39.s.3|22|1|1470|alpino_lc|782
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.39.s.4|12|1|410|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.2|10|1|480|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.5|15|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.6|11|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.40.s.7|15|1|360|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.41.s.1|15|1|2170|alpino_lc|1155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.41.s.2|20|1|1620|alpino_lc|857
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.41.s.3|15|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.41.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.42.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.42.s.2|19|1|770|alpino_lc|395
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.43.s.1|13|1|1000|alpino_lc|971
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.44.s.1|32|1|18560|alpino_lc|11160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.44.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.45.s.1|21|1|590|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.45.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.45.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.45.s.4|13|1|320|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000237.p.45.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.1.s.1|26|1|4680|alpino_lc|1664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.2.s.1|18|1|720|alpino_lc|617
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.2.s.2|21|1|2680|alpino_lc|2312
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.2.s.3|16|1|270|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.3.s.1|18|1|820|alpino_lc|493
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.3.s.2|18|1|1460|alpino_lc|1328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.3.s.3|28|1|1240|alpino_lc|291
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.3.s.4|9|1|410|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.1|18|1|3190|alpino_lc|2053
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.2|11|1|260|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.3|21|1|1020|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.5|11|1|330|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.6|17|1|810|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.7|9|1|180|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.8|22|1|3200|alpino_lc|1580
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.9|12|1|200|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.10|5|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.11|18|1|460|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.12|18|1|960|alpino_lc|322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.13|10|1|120|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.14|15|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.15|8|1|440|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.16|17|1|3130|alpino_lc|2116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.17|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.18|8|1|290|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.19|24|1|960|alpino_lc|689
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.4.s.20|11|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.5.s.1|23|1|3550|alpino_lc|2161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.5.s.2|14|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.6.s.1|22|1|490|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.6.s.2|19|1|1340|alpino_lc|669
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.6.s.3|20|1|1970|alpino_lc|1154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.7.s.1|13|1|160|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.8.s.1|29|1|10350|alpino_lc|5482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.8.s.2|17|1|1110|alpino_lc|268
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.8.s.3|12|1|310|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.1|21|1|990|alpino_lc|780
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.2|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|660
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.3|12|1|1350|alpino_lc|711
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.4|15|1|610|alpino_lc|300
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.5|21|1|8500|alpino_lc|4851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.6|13|1|210|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.7|13|1|410|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.9.s.8|16|1|200|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.11.s.1|8|1|330|alpino_lc|250
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.11.s.2|24|1|2350|alpino_lc|1259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.11.s.3|20|1|10630|alpino_lc|6317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.12.s.1|25|1|8000|alpino_lc|2311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.12.s.2|14|1|3460|alpino_lc|3246
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.13.s.1|16|1|1080|alpino_lc|609
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.13.s.2|21|1|2070|alpino_lc|1004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.13.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.13.s.4|24|1|2310|alpino_lc|494
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.13.s.5|26|1|910|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.14.s.1|17|1|690|alpino_lc|320
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.14.s.2|17|1|510|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.14.s.3|23|1|6780|alpino_lc|1762
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.14.s.4|17|1|3000|alpino_lc|1743
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.1|5|1|200|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.3|18|1|780|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.4|14|1|790|alpino_lc|756
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.5|8|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.6|9|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.7|7|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.9|14|1|820|alpino_lc|734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.10|19|1|5570|alpino_lc|2427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.11|9|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.12|9|1|200|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.13|11|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.14|12|1|350|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.15|12|1|940|alpino_lc|1015
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.15.s.16|19|1|1940|alpino_lc|2411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.16.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.16.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.16.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.16.s.4|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.16.s.5|13|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.17.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.1|16|1|1630|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.3|27|1|3150|alpino_lc|3324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.4|9|1|200|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.5|28|1|1960|alpino_lc|1438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.18.s.6|20|1|670|alpino_lc|404
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.19.s.1|9|1|280|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.19.s.2|11|1|670|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.19.s.3|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|664
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.20.s.1|8|1|640|alpino_lc|947
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.20.s.2|34|1|2380|alpino_lc|843
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.20.s.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.21.s.1|17|1|5880|alpino_lc|2386
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.21.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.22.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.23.s.1|24|1|17620|alpino_lc|12179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.25.s.1|27|1|1030|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.26.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.1|21|1|4180|alpino_lc|1307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.3|27|1|2530|alpino_lc|2558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.4|15|1|210|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.5|13|1|800|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.27.s.6|8|1|220|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.28.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.28.s.2|14|1|590|alpino_lc|540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.28.s.3|12|1|840|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.28.s.4|10|1|290|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.29.s.1|15|1|160|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.30.s.1|21|1|1140|alpino_lc|388
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.30.s.2|12|1|530|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.30.s.3|12|1|330|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.30.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.30.s.5|14|1|340|alpino_lc|211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.31.s.1|19|1|350|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.31.s.2|15|1|520|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.31.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.32.s.1|27|1|15770|alpino_lc|5582
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.32.s.2|13|1|590|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.33.s.1|15|1|160|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.33.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.33.s.3|14|1|500|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.34.s.1|23|1|5640|alpino_lc|7143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.34.s.2|23|1|3700|alpino_lc|1472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.34.s.3|17|1|1240|alpino_lc|553
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.34.s.4|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|1108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.34.s.5|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.35.s.1|19|1|4100|alpino_lc|3176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.35.s.2|14|1|400|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.35.s.3|19|1|3490|alpino_lc|2267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.35.s.4|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|1100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.35.s.5|19|1|590|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.36.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.37.s.1|17|1|1850|alpino_lc|1829
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.37.s.2|14|1|770|alpino_lc|575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.37.s.3|10|1|560|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.37.s.4|20|1|2710|alpino_lc|2260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.37.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.38.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.38.s.2|19|1|230|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.38.s.3|11|1|440|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.38.s.4|9|1|890|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.39.s.1|17|1|380|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.40.s.1|4|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.40.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.40.s.3|13|1|360|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000238.p.40.s.4|8|1|350|alpino_lc|315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.1.s.1|9|1|300|alpino_lc|270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.2.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.3.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.4.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.5.s.1|21|1|310|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.6.s.1|20|1|550|alpino_lc|340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.7.s.1|14|1|210|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.8.s.1|24|1|2800|alpino_lc|1165
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.9.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.10.s.1|11|1|630|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.11.s.1|10|1|630|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.12.s.1|8|1|190|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.13.s.1|17|1|1560|alpino_lc|924
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.13.s.2|14|1|470|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.1|13|1|690|alpino_lc|523
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.3|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.4|6|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.5|17|1|4980|alpino_lc|3894
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.6|15|1|370|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.7|29|1|6710|alpino_lc|2175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.14.s.8|10|1|700|alpino_lc|418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.15.s.1|12|1|650|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.16.s.1|23|1|4090|alpino_lc|3648
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.17.s.1|20|1|690|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.18.s.1|7|1|210|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.19.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.20.s.1|7|1|170|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.21.s.1|20|1|3060|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.22.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.23.s.1|13|1|800|alpino_lc|522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.24.s.1|17|1|2460|alpino_lc|2090
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.25.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.25.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.26.s.1|14|1|840|alpino_lc|579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.26.s.2|16|1|270|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.27.s.1|20|1|2930|alpino_lc|819
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.27.s.2|20|1|4490|alpino_lc|2439
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.28.s.1|20|1|500|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.29.s.1|10|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.30.s.1|13|1|660|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.31.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.32.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.32.s.2|16|1|730|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.32.s.3|18|1|390|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.33.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.34.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.35.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.36.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.37.s.1|15|1|510|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.38.s.1|8|1|260|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.38.s.2|11|1|480|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.39.s.1|19|1|620|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.40.s.1|18|1|500|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.41.s.1|13|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.42.s.1|12|1|250|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.43.s.1|12|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.44.s.1|11|1|640|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.44.s.2|26|1|1780|alpino_lc|742
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.1|12|1|360|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.2|37|1|22300|alpino_lc|6526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.3|18|1|2050|alpino_lc|633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.4|16|1|720|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.5|13|1|730|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.6|16|1|900|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.7|9|1|430|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.8|17|1|960|alpino_lc|399
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.9|28|1|16150|alpino_lc|15946
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.10|16|1|2360|alpino_lc|809
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.11|29|1|1160|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.45.s.12|17|1|530|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.46.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.47.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.48.s.1|12|1|600|alpino_lc|440
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.49.s.1|28|1|1040|alpino_lc|456
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.50.s.1|12|1|260|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.50.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.51.s.1|14|1|3360|alpino_lc|5121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.51.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.51.s.3|13|1|600|alpino_lc|499
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.51.s.4|23|1|860|alpino_lc|810
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.52.s.1|15|1|3690|alpino_lc|2173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.52.s.2|13|1|390|alpino_lc|307
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.52.s.3|16|1|980|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.53.s.1|26|1|6060|alpino_lc|2863
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.53.s.2|9|1|390|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.53.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.54.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.55.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.56.s.1|13|1|380|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.57.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.58.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000239.p.59.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.1.s.1|27|1|6500|alpino_lc|2575
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.1|10|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.2|8|1|680|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.3|17|1|510|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.4|23|1|4690|alpino_lc|2975
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.5|11|1|300|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.2.s.6|23|1|5720|alpino_lc|1845
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.1|22|1|1590|alpino_lc|1156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.2|25|1|3270|alpino_lc|2033
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.4|20|1|1720|alpino_lc|624
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.5|16|1|3520|alpino_lc|2801
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.6|31|1|2670|alpino_lc|2047
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.7|22|1|1450|alpino_lc|1050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.8|16|1|250|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.9|9|1|460|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.10|11|1|240|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.3.s.11|11|1|610|alpino_lc|480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.4.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.4.s.2|29|1|12310|alpino_lc|10330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.4.s.3|16|1|1140|alpino_lc|886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.4.s.4|17|1|1660|alpino_lc|1177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.5.s.1|16|1|760|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.5.s.2|25|1|4680|alpino_lc|1008
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.5.s.3|25|1|7520|alpino_lc|6062
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.1|16|1|700|alpino_lc|325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.2|14|1|3360|alpino_lc|1606
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.3|25|1|1140|alpino_lc|567
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.4|16|1|320|alpino_lc|125
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.5|12|1|260|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.6|15|1|1050|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.7|19|1|1650|alpino_lc|673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.8|19|1|950|alpino_lc|1166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.9|19|1|1490|alpino_lc|674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.10|12|1|480|alpino_lc|591
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.11|8|1|90|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.12|24|1|2800|alpino_lc|986
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.6.s.13|17|1|650|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.7.s.1|17|1|5060|alpino_lc|3893
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.7.s.2|22|1|1650|alpino_lc|2540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.7.s.3|12|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.7.s.4|22|1|1330|alpino_lc|1224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.8.s.1|11|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.8.s.2|19|1|650|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.8.s.3|17|1|370|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.8.s.4|11|1|960|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.8.s.5|20|1|620|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.9.s.1|10|1|270|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.9.s.2|14|1|590|alpino_lc|505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.10.s.1|18|1|13470|alpino_lc|5096
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.10.s.2|17|1|460|alpino_lc|278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.11.s.1|10|1|570|alpino_lc|326
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.11.s.2|14|1|310|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.11.s.3|13|1|17400|alpino_lc|3124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.1|14|1|130|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.3|17|1|1730|alpino_lc|811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.4|10|1|250|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.5|13|1|280|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.12.s.6|13|1|180|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.13.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.14.s.1|23|1|380|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.15.s.1|9|1|420|alpino_lc|296
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.16.s.1|19|1|6280|alpino_lc|1323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.17.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.1|20|1|430|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.3|22|1|6930|alpino_lc|3366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.4|13|1|350|alpino_lc|222
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.5|16|1|310|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.18.s.6|14|1|1720|alpino_lc|1106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.19.s.1|13|1|770|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.20.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.21.s.1|12|1|2230|alpino_lc|2704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.21.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.21.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.21.s.4|12|1|270|alpino_lc|150
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.22.s.1|17|1|820|alpino_lc|579
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.22.s.2|18|1|2630|alpino_lc|1898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.22.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.22.s.4|19|1|2280|alpino_lc|992
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.22.s.5|16|1|400|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.23.s.1|22|1|1240|alpino_lc|644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.23.s.2|16|1|960|alpino_lc|874
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.24.s.1|18|1|990|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.24.s.2|22|1|620|alpino_lc|260
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.25.s.1|18|1|530|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.26.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.27.s.1|20|1|4350|alpino_lc|2696
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.28.s.1|19|1|1190|alpino_lc|1152
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.2|10|1|310|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.3|8|1|210|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.5|8|1|120|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.6|5|1|90|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.29.s.8|7|1|240|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.30.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.30.s.2|10|1|200|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.30.s.3|16|1|2230|alpino_lc|1266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.30.s.4|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.30.s.5|10|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.1|16|1|930|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.2|15|1|750|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.3|14|1|2940|alpino_lc|2542
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.4|15|1|2640|alpino_lc|2680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.5|19|1|2650|alpino_lc|2018
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.7|16|1|5910|alpino_lc|4521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.8|9|1|700|alpino_lc|1025
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.9|9|1|390|alpino_lc|143
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.10|19|1|1320|alpino_lc|775
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.11|9|1|110|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.12|7|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.31.s.13|11|1|250|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.32.s.1|10|1|390|alpino_lc|238
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.32.s.2|15|1|320|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.32.s.3|10|1|290|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.32.s.4|16|1|270|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.33.s.1|18|1|1420|alpino_lc|959
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.33.s.2|12|1|140|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.33.s.3|17|1|340|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.33.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.33.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.34.s.1|36|1|3150|alpino_lc|1063
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.35.s.1|28|1|3010|alpino_lc|978
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.35.s.2|26|1|2120|alpino_lc|944
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.36.s.1|15|1|660|alpino_lc|434
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.37.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.38.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.39.s.1|15|1|450|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.39.s.2|17|1|670|alpino_lc|400
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.40.s.1|16|1|2230|alpino_lc|1335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.41.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.41.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.41.s.3|7|1|460|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.42.s.1|13|1|180|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.42.s.2|11|1|440|alpino_lc|495
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.42.s.3|19|1|2060|alpino_lc|1552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.43.s.1|18|1|7490|alpino_lc|3325
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.43.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.43.s.3|11|1|400|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.43.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.44.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.44.s.2|9|1|340|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.45.s.1|11|1|540|alpino_lc|895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.45.s.2|9|1|500|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.45.s.3|18|1|1200|alpino_lc|695
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.45.s.4|19|1|470|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.45.s.5|20|1|2720|alpino_lc|2533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000240.p.46.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.1.s.1|20|1|850|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.2.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.3.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.3.s.2|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|747
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.3.s.3|16|1|1210|alpino_lc|452
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.4.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.4.s.2|30|1|18500|alpino_lc|2964
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.5.s.1|27|1|14640|alpino_lc|9004
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.5.s.2|16|1|180|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.5.s.3|13|1|890|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.1|18|1|710|alpino_lc|351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.2|20|1|1660|alpino_lc|627
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.3|17|1|730|alpino_lc|188
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.4|12|1|460|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.5|16|1|1860|alpino_lc|1806
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.6.s.6|27|1|2420|alpino_lc|583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.7.s.1|14|1|450|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.8.s.1|20|1|760|alpino_lc|450
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.8.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.8.s.3.1|28|1|5820|alpino_lc|6715
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.8.s.3.2|18|1|840|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.2|11|1|790|alpino_lc|458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.3|11|1|290|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.4|18|1|710|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.5|25|1|6710|alpino_lc|3230
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.9.s.6|35|1|15800|alpino_lc|3589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.10.s.1|31|1|2940|alpino_lc|1211
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.10.s.2|25|1|2660|alpino_lc|1111
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.11.s.1|25|1|800|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.12.s.1|32|1|2860|alpino_lc|1278
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.12.s.2|18|1|900|alpino_lc|621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.13.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.13.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|34
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.13.s.3|11|1|1030|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.13.s.4|5|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.14.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.14.s.2|22|1|2500|alpino_lc|372
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.15.s.1|26|1|2280|alpino_lc|1444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.15.s.2|13|1|400|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.15.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.16.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.16.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.17.s.1|24|1|710|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.18.s.1|9|1|270|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.1|9|1|420|alpino_lc|511
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.2|25|1|4610|alpino_lc|2012
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.4|13|1|270|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.5|7|1|180|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.19.s.6|6|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.20.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.20.s.2|11|1|2850|alpino_lc|2219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.20.s.3|11|1|1370|alpino_lc|1073
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.20.s.4|18|1|3660|alpino_lc|2192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.20.s.5|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.21.s.1|22|1|1750|alpino_lc|1731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.21.s.2|25|1|5670|alpino_lc|3096
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.21.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.21.s.4|12|1|560|alpino_lc|324
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.22.s.1|25|1|690|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.22.s.2|68|1|23270|alpino_lc|1849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.22.s.3|33|1|320|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.1|23|1|5240|alpino_lc|3890
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.2|12|1|470|alpino_lc|346
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.3|35|1|3600|alpino_lc|1081
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.4|15|1|280|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.5|17|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.23.s.6|21|1|3820|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.2|43|1|28570|alpino_lc|5055
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.3|13|1|920|alpino_lc|650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.4|20|1|880|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.5|26|1|9420|alpino_lc|1490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.6|12|1|300|alpino_lc|104
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.7|10|1|390|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.8|30|1|53900|alpino_lc|79056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.9|18|1|310|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.10|18|1|730|alpino_lc|396
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.11|10|1|270|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.12|11|1|110|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.13|13|1|210|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.24.s.14|10|1|220|alpino_lc|155
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.25.s.1|31|1|13530|alpino_lc|3658
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.26.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.27.s.1|11|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.27.s.2|11|1|280|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.28.s.1|11|1|580|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.28.s.2|19|1|1610|alpino_lc|645
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.29.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.29.s.2|17|1|300|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.29.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.29.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|183
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.30.s.1|18|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.30.s.2|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|709
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.30.s.3|13|1|470|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.30.s.4|21|1|440|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.30.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.31.s.1|15|1|920|alpino_lc|530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.31.s.2|29|1|1720|alpino_lc|514
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.31.s.3|17|1|4920|alpino_lc|4814
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.31.s.4|18|1|4550|alpino_lc|858
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.31.s.5|10|1|450|alpino_lc|490
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.32.s.1|19|1|10420|alpino_lc|7815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.33.s.1|23|1|8480|alpino_lc|1319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.33.s.2|31|1|1570|alpino_lc|544
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.33.s.3|22|1|920|alpino_lc|559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.33.s.4|14|1|180|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.33.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.34.s.1|26|1|3350|alpino_lc|1013
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.34.s.2|20|1|4660|alpino_lc|2722
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.34.s.3|14|1|410|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.35.s.1|24|1|15820|alpino_lc|11905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.36.s.1|27|1|1920|alpino_lc|1659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.36.s.2|19|1|1450|alpino_lc|1084
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.37.s.1|16|1|770|alpino_lc|533
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.1|10|1|1090|alpino_lc|1491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.2|21|1|1330|alpino_lc|749
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.3|12|1|220|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.4|10|1|350|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.5|26|1|1330|alpino_lc|531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.6|27|1|730|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.7|8|1|130|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.8|18|1|590|alpino_lc|478
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.9|14|1|2110|alpino_lc|1480
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.38.s.10|18|1|460|alpino_lc|228
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.39.s.1|16|1|380|alpino_lc|116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.39.s.2|35|1|13690|alpino_lc|8620
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.39.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.39.s.4|15|1|360|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.40.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.40.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.41.s.1|7|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.41.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.41.s.3|8|1|130|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.42.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000241.p.43.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.1.s.1|20|1|2820|alpino_lc|1315
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.2|17|1|950|alpino_lc|245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.3|19|1|980|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.4|12|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.5|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|949
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.6|5|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.7|26|1|1390|alpino_lc|2120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.2.s.8|9|1|170|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.1|15|1|1620|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.2|6|1|370|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.4|24|1|1590|alpino_lc|667
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.5|23|1|6030|alpino_lc|5248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.3.s.6|26|1|1490|alpino_lc|784
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.4.s.1|10|1|430|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.4.s.2|19|1|720|alpino_lc|549
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.4.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.4.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.5.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.5.s.2|11|1|250|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.5.s.3|16|1|1090|alpino_lc|604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.5.s.4|17|1|2070|alpino_lc|1356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.5.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.6.s.1|11|1|190|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.6.s.2|31|1|14320|alpino_lc|2819
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.6.s.3|21|1|1200|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.6.s.4|14|1|430|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.2|23|1|2750|alpino_lc|2070
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.3|16|1|1130|alpino_lc|518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.4|16|1|370|alpino_lc|157
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.5|14|1|350|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.6|13|1|360|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.8|22|1|530|alpino_lc|259
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.9|20|1|440|alpino_lc|189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.10|24|1|1430|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.11|24|1|1100|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.7.s.12|14|1|850|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.8.s.1|14|1|610|alpino_lc|279
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.8.s.2|12|1|720|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.8.s.3|22|1|7730|alpino_lc|2474
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.8.s.4|16|1|650|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.8.s.5|19|1|410|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.1|21|1|1870|alpino_lc|1204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.3|14|1|1150|alpino_lc|849
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.4|23|1|2000|alpino_lc|1082
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.5|15|1|330|alpino_lc|223
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.6|14|1|400|alpino_lc|348
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.7|15|1|560|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.8|5|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.9|13|1|830|alpino_lc|503
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.10|7|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.11|13|1|190|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.12|26|1|2650|alpino_lc|1245
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.9.s.13|34|1|4390|alpino_lc|1098
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.10.s.1|18|1|2650|alpino_lc|1192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.10.s.2|15|1|750|alpino_lc|266
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.10.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.10.s.4|13|1|570|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.10.s.5|14|1|250|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.1|16|1|1280|alpino_lc|644
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.2|26|1|4830|alpino_lc|1965
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.3|9|1|300|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.4|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.5|20|1|420|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.6|11|1|370|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.7|24|1|2530|alpino_lc|3088
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.8|12|1|280|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.9|21|1|4620|alpino_lc|4765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.10|9|1|340|alpino_lc|364
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.11|22|1|540|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.12|21|1|870|alpino_lc|731
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.13|13|1|200|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.14|13|1|310|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.11.s.15|25|1|2130|alpino_lc|2116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.12.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.13.s.1|23|1|1060|alpino_lc|719
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.13.s.2|24|1|990|alpino_lc|704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.13.s.3|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.13.s.4|21|1|1140|alpino_lc|566
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.14.s.1|10|1|250|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.14.s.2|14|1|2050|alpino_lc|2284
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.14.s.3|14|1|940|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.14.s.4|15|1|600|alpino_lc|557
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.14.s.5|7|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.15.s.1|33|1|6260|alpino_lc|5486
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.15.s.2|15|1|320|alpino_lc|124
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.15.s.3|11|1|310|alpino_lc|255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.15.s.4|17|1|5450|alpino_lc|4634
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.16.s.1|20|1|430|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.16.s.2|18|1|550|alpino_lc|723
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.16.s.3|22|1|650|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.17.s.1|24|1|850|alpino_lc|787
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.17.s.2|8|1|150|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.18.s.1|23|1|2800|alpino_lc|993
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.18.s.2|27|1|1340|alpino_lc|1702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.18.s.3|15|1|410|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.18.s.4|21|1|1730|alpino_lc|2488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.1|16|1|400|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.2|24|1|1080|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.5|16|1|380|alpino_lc|163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.6|10|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.7|21|1|750|alpino_lc|468
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.8|14|1|320|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.9|4|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.19.s.10|13|1|640|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.2|16|1|950|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.4|6|1|150|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.5|12|1|280|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.20.s.6|6|1|650|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.21.s.1|12|1|410|alpino_lc|237
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.21.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.21.s.3|30|1|9380|alpino_lc|5071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.21.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.2|11|1|190|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.4|9|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.5|25|1|750|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.22.s.6|15|1|250|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.23.s.1|22|1|340|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.23.s.2|14|1|330|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.24.s.1|15|1|1910|alpino_lc|1616
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.24.s.2|12|1|660|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.24.s.3|29|1|6470|alpino_lc|850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.1|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|1204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.2|14|1|750|alpino_lc|589
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.3|33|1|4600|alpino_lc|3141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.4|19|1|3750|alpino_lc|1021
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.5|17|1|730|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.6|13|1|570|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.25.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.26.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.26.s.2|11|1|820|alpino_lc|728
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.27.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.27.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.27.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000242.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.1.s.1|25|1|1320|alpino_lc|1072
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.2.s.1|14|1|820|alpino_lc|914
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.2.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.2.s.3|27|1|32730|alpino_lc|8530
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.2.s.4|14|1|170|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.2.s.5|11|1|890|alpino_lc|765
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.1|32|1|7510|alpino_lc|2739
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.2|15|1|310|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.3|14|1|1580|alpino_lc|1101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.4|13|1|1500|alpino_lc|1504
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.5|27|1|4150|alpino_lc|2302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.6|26|1|1590|alpino_lc|878
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.7|20|1|330|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.8|24|1|1220|alpino_lc|1042
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.3.s.9|23|1|1400|alpino_lc|726
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.2|21|1|2450|alpino_lc|519
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.3|15|1|400|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.4|9|1|120|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.5|15|1|770|alpino_lc|258
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.4.s.6|9|1|170|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.5.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.6.s.1|15|1|360|alpino_lc|140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.6.s.2|15|1|260|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.6.s.3|14|1|1530|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.6.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.7.s.1|24|1|1290|alpino_lc|540
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.7.s.2|34|1|5380|alpino_lc|1710
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.7.s.3|27|1|2370|alpino_lc|1089
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.2|36|1|3490|alpino_lc|2429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.3|15|1|340|alpino_lc|151
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.4|20|1|1440|alpino_lc|261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.5|16|1|490|alpino_lc|328
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.6|44|1|10600|alpino_lc|3443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.7|27|1|2370|alpino_lc|1213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.8|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|516
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.9|14|1|310|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.8.s.10|28|1|8610|alpino_lc|362
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.9.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.9.s.2|30|1|2100|alpino_lc|1410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.9.s.3|29|1|2190|alpino_lc|1208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.2|10|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.3|14|1|360|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.4|26|1|820|alpino_lc|389
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.5|26|1|1060|alpino_lc|741
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.6|16|1|650|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.10.s.7|43|1|3790|alpino_lc|1371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.11.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.1|25|1|6600|alpino_lc|9130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.2|20|1|650|alpino_lc|611
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.3|19|1|1900|alpino_lc|1476
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.5|15|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.12.s.6|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.1|17|1|610|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.2|12|1|410|alpino_lc|569
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.3|21|1|1460|alpino_lc|1025
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.13.s.6|21|1|590|alpino_lc|550
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.14.s.1|19|1|3230|alpino_lc|2050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.14.s.2|25|1|6460|alpino_lc|3590
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.14.s.3|17|1|1390|alpino_lc|484
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.14.s.4|13|1|910|alpino_lc|375
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.14.s.5|12|1|990|alpino_lc|788
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.15.s.1|15|1|310|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.15.s.2|22|1|810|alpino_lc|507
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.15.s.3|16|1|530|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.15.s.4|12|1|310|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.1|19|1|1770|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.2|21|1|390|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.3|15|1|15120|alpino_lc|10834
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.4|11|1|210|alpino_lc|107
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.5|25|1|9940|alpino_lc|3928
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.16.s.6|11|1|940|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.2|12|1|880|alpino_lc|552
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.3|17|1|700|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.4|14|1|670|alpino_lc|406
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.5|14|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.17.s.6|14|1|340|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.18.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.18.s.2|12|1|490|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.19.s.1|19|1|240|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.19.s.2|19|1|700|alpino_lc|457
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.19.s.3|10|1|240|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.19.s.4|14|1|360|alpino_lc|178
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.19.s.5|24|1|1260|alpino_lc|907
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.20.s.1|28|1|16720|alpino_lc|9469
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.20.s.2|18|1|580|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.21.s.1|24|1|1470|alpino_lc|763
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.21.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.22.s.1|15|1|1680|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.22.s.2|26|1|640|alpino_lc|460
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.22.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.22.s.4|15|1|2390|alpino_lc|2029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.22.s.5|15|1|1310|alpino_lc|1378
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.1|11|1|600|alpino_lc|298
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|117
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|158
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.5|10|1|320|alpino_lc|103
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.6|19|1|390|alpino_lc|267
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.7|12|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.8|15|1|4420|alpino_lc|1859
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.9|9|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.10|15|1|520|alpino_lc|272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.11|8|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.12|13|1|1090|alpino_lc|1047
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.13|18|1|7790|alpino_lc|10305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.23.s.14|10|1|1120|alpino_lc|1989
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.24.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|199
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.24.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.24.s.3|16|1|540|alpino_lc|470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.24.s.4|31|1|8290|alpino_lc|3132
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.1|18|1|260|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.2|39|1|4780|alpino_lc|1106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.4|11|1|310|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.5|21|1|2400|alpino_lc|1147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.6|7|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.7|15|1|1600|alpino_lc|382
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.25.s.8|27|1|2520|alpino_lc|1577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.26.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|174
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.26.s.2|12|1|430|alpino_lc|547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.26.s.3|9|1|310|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.26.s.4|7|1|190|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.27.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.28.s.1|7|1|210|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.28.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.28.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.28.s.4|20|1|680|alpino_lc|799
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.28.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.29.s.1|30|1|8130|alpino_lc|1811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.29.s.2|12|1|380|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.29.s.3|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|1432
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.29.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000243.p.29.s.5|15|1|530|alpino_lc|487
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.1.s.1|19|1|670|alpino_lc|465
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.1|16|1|160|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.2|22|1|2350|alpino_lc|769
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.3|20|1|3170|alpino_lc|835
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.4|28|1|9690|alpino_lc|5354
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.5|14|1|210|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.6|20|1|1510|alpino_lc|750
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.7|10|1|450|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.8|20|1|870|alpino_lc|659
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.2.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.3.s.1|12|1|510|alpino_lc|461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.3.s.2|15|1|980|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.3.s.3|20|1|470|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.3.s.4|31|1|3450|alpino_lc|979
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.1|21|1|1920|alpino_lc|1610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.2|15|1|390|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.3|6|1|200|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.4|22|1|870|alpino_lc|470
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.5|21|1|380|alpino_lc|239
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.6|15|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.7|45|1|13830|alpino_lc|4023
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.8|17|1|760|alpino_lc|868
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.9|21|1|2410|alpino_lc|2401
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.10|9|1|300|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.11|19|1|4270|alpino_lc|4987
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.12|15|1|280|alpino_lc|113
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.13|9|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.14|15|1|1550|alpino_lc|1057
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.15|27|1|2940|alpino_lc|1829
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.16|21|1|260|alpino_lc|219
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.4.s.17|20|1|490|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.5.s.1|10|1|300|alpino_lc|196
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.5.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.5.s.3|21|1|1050|alpino_lc|679
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.6.s.1|15|1|1030|alpino_lc|674
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.6.s.2|17|1|2910|alpino_lc|1698
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.6.s.3|18|1|6520|alpino_lc|5335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.6.s.4|16|1|610|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|49
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.3|9|1|230|alpino_lc|168
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.4|13|1|310|alpino_lc|156
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.5|18|1|2340|alpino_lc|2650
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.6|14|1|140|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.7.s.7|18|1|440|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.1|14|1|1180|alpino_lc|984
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.2|19|1|3730|alpino_lc|2116
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.4|8|1|400|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.5|11|1|540|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.6|11|1|380|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.8.s.7|17|1|260|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.1|21|1|5040|alpino_lc|1713
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.2|10|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.3|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|1055
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.4|11|1|670|alpino_lc|249
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.5|17|1|400|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.6|9|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.9.s.7|22|1|3420|alpino_lc|1444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.10.s.1|23|1|1120|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.10.s.2|25|1|550|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.10.s.3|24|1|1190|alpino_lc|1208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.10.s.4|13|1|1450|alpino_lc|536
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.10.s.5|16|1|970|alpino_lc|1020
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.11.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.11.s.2|10|1|920|alpino_lc|850
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.11.s.3|8|1|340|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.11.s.4|16|1|420|alpino_lc|319
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.11.s.5|14|1|2580|alpino_lc|1531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.12.s.1|22|1|960|alpino_lc|993
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.13.s.1|17|1|4210|alpino_lc|3778
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.13.s.2|15|1|230|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.13.s.3|15|1|780|alpino_lc|394
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.13.s.4|18|1|870|alpino_lc|598
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.13.s.5|17|1|360|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.1|8|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.4|5|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.5|9|1|1540|alpino_lc|1272
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.7|5|1|180|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.8|9|1|560|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.9|6|1|80|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.10|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.11|20|1|670|alpino_lc|377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.12|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.13|7|1|220|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.14.s.14|4|1|60|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.15.s.1|16|1|6120|alpino_lc|1771
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.15.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.1|18|1|1190|alpino_lc|740
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.2|15|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.3|11|1|680|alpino_lc|427
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.4|18|1|5630|alpino_lc|3956
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.5|20|1|700|alpino_lc|379
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.16.s.6|10|1|230|alpino_lc|134
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.4|15|1|260|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.5|35|1|8370|alpino_lc|1428
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.6|14|1|350|alpino_lc|225
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.7|20|1|1650|alpino_lc|950
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.8|19|1|470|alpino_lc|341
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.9|11|1|240|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.10|19|1|2480|alpino_lc|1337
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.11|14|1|310|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.12|17|1|580|alpino_lc|665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.17.s.13|29|1|3830|alpino_lc|1515
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.1|14|1|440|alpino_lc|190
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.2|18|1|530|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.4|7|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.5|12|1|300|alpino_lc|283
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.6|13|1|230|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.18.s.7|17|1|2380|alpino_lc|1810
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.1|29|1|1360|alpino_lc|327
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.3|10|1|410|alpino_lc|444
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.4|13|1|1670|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.5|10|1|310|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.6|8|1|210|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.7|11|1|500|alpino_lc|244
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.8|14|1|1210|alpino_lc|687
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.9|22|1|1810|alpino_lc|353
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.10|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|883
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.19.s.11|22|1|1280|alpino_lc|856
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.1|12|1|210|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.2|12|1|440|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.3|16|1|2360|alpino_lc|1901
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.4|10|1|180|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.5|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.20.s.6|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.21.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.22.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.2|23|1|14450|alpino_lc|6231
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.3|27|1|1150|alpino_lc|424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.4|16|1|710|alpino_lc|797
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.5|5|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.6|8|1|190|alpino_lc|177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.7|8|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.8|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000244.p.23.s.9|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.1.s.1|24|1|15880|alpino_lc|13757
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.2|15|1|570|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.3|18|1|1840|alpino_lc|1411
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.4|17|1|450|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.5|21|1|1740|alpino_lc|1351
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.7|13|1|400|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.8|15|1|420|alpino_lc|123
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.2.s.9|18|1|1130|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.4|9|1|310|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.5|7|1|370|alpino_lc|392
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.6|9|1|2240|alpino_lc|2001
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.7|37|1|8170|alpino_lc|4340
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.8|4|1|50|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.3.s.9|27|1|1460|alpino_lc|652
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.4.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.4.s.2|22|1|8060|alpino_lc|9482
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.4.s.3|11|1|1920|alpino_lc|1706
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.5.s.1|25|1|2940|alpino_lc|2429
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.5.s.2|19|1|590|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.5.s.3|17|1|980|alpino_lc|565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.5.s.4|9|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.6.s.1|14|1|720|alpino_lc|242
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.6.s.2|15|1|940|alpino_lc|529
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.6.s.3|27|1|16730|alpino_lc|16270
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.6.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.1|19|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.2|12|1|200|alpino_lc|160
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.3|25|1|3650|alpino_lc|1140
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.4|16|1|470|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.5|10|1|290|alpino_lc|335
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.7.s.6|27|1|3750|alpino_lc|3680
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.8.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.9.s.1|19|1|1420|alpino_lc|583
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.9.s.2|10|1|290|alpino_lc|191
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.9.s.3|9|1|370|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.9.s.4|13|1|580|alpino_lc|403
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.1|12|1|690|alpino_lc|286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.2|10|1|580|alpino_lc|164
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.3|7|1|280|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.5|15|1|510|alpino_lc|153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.6|10|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.10.s.7|10|1|730|alpino_lc|498
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.11.s.1|18|1|5460|alpino_lc|7029
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.11.s.2|20|1|2230|alpino_lc|1050
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.11.s.3|8|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.11.s.4|19|1|1450|alpino_lc|3028
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.12.s.1|14|1|500|alpino_lc|128
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.12.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.12.s.3|12|1|260|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.12.s.4|8|1|290|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.12.s.5|11|1|450|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.13.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.13.s.2|14|1|590|alpino_lc|342
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.13.s.3|13|1|1310|alpino_lc|939
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.13.s.4|18|1|990|alpino_lc|417
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.14.s.1|28|1|2240|alpino_lc|1548
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.14.s.2|15|1|200|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.14.s.3|17|1|1850|alpino_lc|1220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.14.s.4|13|1|220|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.14.s.5|16|1|350|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.15.s.1|9|1|350|alpino_lc|224
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.15.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.1|12|1|630|alpino_lc|172
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.3|21|1|350|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.16.s.6|17|1|6560|alpino_lc|5812
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.2|5|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.3|15|1|420|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.4|10|1|370|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.5|10|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.6|13|1|680|alpino_lc|826
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.7|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|560
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.8|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.9|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.10|10|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.11|17|1|360|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.17.s.12|42|1|11980|alpino_lc|6651
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.18.s.1|15|1|1670|alpino_lc|1637
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.18.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.18.s.3|9|1|530|alpino_lc|182
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.18.s.4|8|1|340|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.18.s.5|19|1|780|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.1|14|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.3|11|1|420|alpino_lc|277
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.4|18|1|660|alpino_lc|339
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.5|11|1|170|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.6|8|1|250|alpino_lc|105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.7|6|1|130|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.8|13|1|440|alpino_lc|371
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.9|16|1|670|alpino_lc|622
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.19.s.10|17|1|1330|alpino_lc|1085
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.20.s.1|8|1|200|alpino_lc|94
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.20.s.2|22|1|2400|alpino_lc|2322
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.20.s.3|8|1|70|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.20.s.4|8|1|830|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.20.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.3|14|1|290|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.4|8|1|180|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.5|10|1|640|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.6|28|1|2020|alpino_lc|1565
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.7|21|1|380|alpino_lc|142
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.8|11|1|730|alpino_lc|471
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.9|11|1|270|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.10|11|1|270|alpino_lc|206
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.11|8|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.12|9|1|240|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.21.s.13|21|1|940|alpino_lc|691
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.22.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.22.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.22.s.3|7|1|430|alpino_lc|648
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.23.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|171
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.23.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|198
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000245.p.23.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.1.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|97
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.1.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.1.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.4|14|1|320|alpino_lc|356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.5|18|1|610|alpino_lc|361
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.6|7|1|390|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.2.s.7|14|1|580|alpino_lc|297
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.3.s.1|7|1|200|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.3.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.4.s.1|18|1|230|alpino_lc|100
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.4.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.4.s.3|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|717
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.5.s.1|25|1|1040|alpino_lc|610
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.6.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.6.s.2|17|1|800|alpino_lc|443
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.6.s.3|21|1|2420|alpino_lc|1693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.3|16|1|2010|alpino_lc|1163
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.4|20|1|590|alpino_lc|281
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.5|8|1|190|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.6|9|1|210|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.7.s.7|8|1|150|alpino_lc|57
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.8.s.1|20|1|12010|alpino_lc|10649
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.8.s.2|14|1|360|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.8.s.3|11|1|1810|alpino_lc|1311
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.8.s.4|13|1|6070|alpino_lc|3895
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.9.s.1|10|1|440|alpino_lc|195
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.9.s.2|8|1|240|alpino_lc|302
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.9.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.9.s.4|13|1|380|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.10.s.1|13|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.10.s.2|18|1|1540|alpino_lc|1153
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.10.s.3|8|1|220|alpino_lc|60
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.10.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.10.s.5|15|1|430|alpino_lc|370
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.11.s.1|25|1|1090|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.11.s.2|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|551
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.11.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.13.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.14.s.1|14|1|530|alpino_lc|448
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.14.s.2|22|1|3690|alpino_lc|3166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.14.s.3|20|1|550|alpino_lc|236
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.14.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.15.s.1|12|1|650|alpino_lc|668
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.15.s.2|24|1|1300|alpino_lc|822
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.15.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.16.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.17.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000246.p.18.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.1.s.1|21|1|1650|alpino_lc|2105
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.4|14|1|450|alpino_lc|207
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.5|13|1|290|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.6|19|1|21210|alpino_lc|15737
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.7|8|1|350|alpino_lc|248
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.2.s.8|24|1|16690|alpino_lc|3377
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|51
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.3|20|1|1640|alpino_lc|604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.5|8|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.6|7|1|230|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.3.s.7|9|1|170|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.4.s.1|12|1|640|alpino_lc|376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.4.s.2|8|1|230|alpino_lc|68
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.5.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.5.s.2|36|1|2020|alpino_lc|577
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.5.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|74
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.6.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.6.s.2|19|1|2440|alpino_lc|2083
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.1|18|1|660|alpino_lc|218
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.2|14|1|680|alpino_lc|380
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.3|16|1|610|alpino_lc|289
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.4|12|1|350|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.5|21|1|940|alpino_lc|509
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.6|16|1|410|alpino_lc|129
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.7|37|1|4260|alpino_lc|4045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.8|17|1|1330|alpino_lc|886
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.9|19|1|590|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.10|13|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.11|19|1|240|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.12|5|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.13|14|1|510|alpino_lc|301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.14|17|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.15|17|1|790|alpino_lc|425
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.16|7|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.17|23|1|4150|alpino_lc|1189
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.18|13|1|470|alpino_lc|357
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.19|12|1|250|alpino_lc|208
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.20|16|1|500|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.21|6|1|190|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.22|15|1|450|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.23|16|1|570|alpino_lc|373
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.7.s.24|13|1|300|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.8.s.1|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|1045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.9.s.1|17|1|1600|alpino_lc|758
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.9.s.2|32|1|1820|alpino_lc|1037
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.10.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|232
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.10.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.1|11|1|700|alpino_lc|576
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.2|18|1|370|alpino_lc|147
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.4|19|1|510|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.5|10|1|230|alpino_lc|69
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.11.s.6|13|1|320|alpino_lc|200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.2|11|1|420|alpino_lc|365
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.3|17|1|790|alpino_lc|815
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.4|19|1|780|alpino_lc|421
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.6|16|1|930|alpino_lc|596
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.8|8|1|470|alpino_lc|612
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.9|11|1|420|alpino_lc|309
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.10|16|1|660|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.11|12|1|600|alpino_lc|256
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.12|15|1|1700|alpino_lc|1531
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.13|7|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.14|7|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.15|17|1|590|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.16|13|1|1860|alpino_lc|1045
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.17|16|1|890|alpino_lc|909
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.18|12|1|210|alpino_lc|80
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.19|25|1|1190|alpino_lc|367
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.20|10|1|220|alpino_lc|119
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.21|10|1|210|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.22|32|1|3140|alpino_lc|502
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.23|7|1|230|alpino_lc|98
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.24|7|1|60|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.25|8|1|160|alpino_lc|84
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.12.s.26|12|1|200|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.13.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.14.s.1|13|1|640|alpino_lc|114
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.14.s.2|13|1|280|alpino_lc|227
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.14.s.3|13|1|220|alpino_lc|96
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.14.s.4|26|1|1290|alpino_lc|1463
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.15.s.1|15|1|420|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.15.s.2|11|1|440|alpino_lc|305
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.15.s.3|19|1|220|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.15.s.4|9|1|890|alpino_lc|777
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.15.s.5|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|761
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.2|6|1|190|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.3|14|1|230|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.5|20|1|7070|alpino_lc|5970
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.6|7|1|180|alpino_lc|101
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.16.s.7|13|1|410|alpino_lc|481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.17.s.1|12|1|370|alpino_lc|234
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.17.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.17.s.3|21|1|930|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.17.s.4|19|1|920|alpino_lc|1089
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.17.s.5|16|1|270|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|82
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.3|10|1|440|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.4|11|1|400|alpino_lc|295
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.5|6|1|130|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.6|9|1|400|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.7|10|1|330|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.18.s.8|5|1|200|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.19.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|109
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.20.s.1|21|1|450|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.20.s.2|14|1|430|alpino_lc|262
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.20.s.3|16|1|390|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.20.s.4|10|1|260|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.20.s.5|15|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.2|23|1|1660|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.3|20|1|3270|alpino_lc|1235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.4|8|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.5|21|1|760|alpino_lc|623
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.6|11|1|650|alpino_lc|491
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.7|20|1|370|alpino_lc|209
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.8|10|1|430|alpino_lc|216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.9|11|1|660|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.10|19|1|370|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.11|21|1|1740|alpino_lc|1961
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.12|18|1|1700|alpino_lc|1841
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.21.s.13|7|1|230|alpino_lc|159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.22.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|78
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.22.s.2|26|1|1300|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.22.s.3|23|1|390|alpino_lc|90
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|65
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.2|4|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.3|6|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.4|13|1|970|alpino_lc|732
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.5|24|1|7850|alpino_lc|3921
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.6|20|1|1870|alpino_lc|1221
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.7|26|1|640|alpino_lc|102
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.8|12|1|130|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.9|14|1|3020|alpino_lc|2654
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.10|14|1|850|alpino_lc|412
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.11|10|1|90|alpino_lc|73
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.12|19|1|460|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.13|5|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.14|6|1|130|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.15|38|1|3380|alpino_lc|884
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.16|16|1|580|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.17|9|1|130|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.18|7|1|430|alpino_lc|197
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.19|4|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.20|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.23.s.21|14|1|440|alpino_lc|145
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.24.s.1|20|1|1790|alpino_lc|823
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.24.s.2|24|1|1500|alpino_lc|1286
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.24.s.3|12|1|390|alpino_lc|275
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.24.s.4|14|1|1690|alpino_lc|946
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.24.s.5|18|1|1260|alpino_lc|953
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.1|29|1|950|alpino_lc|445
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|173
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.3|10|1|290|alpino_lc|187
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.4|6|1|150|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.5|10|1|1560|alpino_lc|1699
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.6|17|1|3400|alpino_lc|2053
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.7|6|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.8|8|1|360|alpino_lc|118
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.9|5|1|50|alpino_lc|43
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.10|7|1|280|alpino_lc|385
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.25.s.11|29|1|1510|alpino_lc|570
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.26.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|166
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.3|24|1|1270|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.4|16|1|560|alpino_lc|247
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.5|14|1|730|alpino_lc|393
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.6|16|1|770|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.7|12|1|680|alpino_lc|426
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.8|12|1|770|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000247.p.27.s.9|7|1|100|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.1.s.1|24|1|1040|alpino_lc|573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.2.s.1|20|1|1260|alpino_lc|418
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.2.s.2|31|1|12580|alpino_lc|5108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.2.s.3|13|1|270|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.2.s.4|27|1|1900|alpino_lc|1044
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.3.s.1|20|1|5130|alpino_lc|5951
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.3.s.2|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|1413
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.3.s.3|14|1|600|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.3.s.4|27|1|1910|alpino_lc|1204
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.4.s.1|16|1|110|alpino_lc|71
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.4.s.2|40|1|3960|alpino_lc|2704
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.5.s.1|20|1|440|alpino_lc|212
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.5.s.2|18|1|1140|alpino_lc|681
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.5.s.3|19|1|15350|alpino_lc|7472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.5.s.4|13|1|250|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.5.s.5|18|1|820|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.6.s.1|22|1|10660|alpino_lc|3376
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.6.s.2|16|1|930|alpino_lc|905
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.6.s.3|17|1|1040|alpino_lc|263
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.7.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.7.s.2|7|1|430|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.7.s.3|13|1|180|alpino_lc|93
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.7.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.7.s.5|10|1|260|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.1|11|1|160|alpino_lc|66
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.2|27|1|4700|alpino_lc|1990
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.3|14|1|430|alpino_lc|201
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.4|7|1|290|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.5|12|1|300|alpino_lc|167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.6|10|1|210|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.7|16|1|1310|alpino_lc|656
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.8|9|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.9|8|1|170|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.10|6|1|160|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.11|7|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.12|23|1|7790|alpino_lc|5912
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.8.s.13|19|1|2340|alpino_lc|2522
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.9.s.1|19|1|1500|alpino_lc|467
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.9.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.9.s.3|28|1|3620|alpino_lc|1497
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.9.s.4|19|1|1980|alpino_lc|889
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.9.s.5|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|588
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.1|30|1|71530|alpino_lc|44811
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|112
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.4|15|1|480|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.5|22|1|2710|alpino_lc|1203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.6|9|1|350|alpino_lc|194
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.7|23|1|1660|alpino_lc|841
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.8|17|1|2380|alpino_lc|2220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.9|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|1424
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.10|8|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.11|34|1|5170|alpino_lc|3820
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.10.s.12|11|1|320|alpino_lc|220
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.11.s.1|8|1|210|alpino_lc|115
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.11.s.2|11|1|750|alpino_lc|561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.11.s.3|13|1|170|alpino_lc|99
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.11.s.4|16|1|580|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.11.s.5|15|1|880|alpino_lc|438
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.12.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.2|13|1|410|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.3|18|1|1430|alpino_lc|1526
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|33
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.5|14|1|370|alpino_lc|358
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.13.s.6|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|833
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.14.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.14.s.2|18|1|500|alpino_lc|458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.14.s.3|26|1|2930|alpino_lc|1911
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.14.s.4|12|1|380|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.15.s.1|15|1|440|alpino_lc|126
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.15.s.2|16|1|2770|alpino_lc|1255
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.15.s.3|13|1|1310|alpino_lc|663
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.15.s.4|14|1|710|alpino_lc|898
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.15.s.5|19|1|230|alpino_lc|162
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.2|9|1|400|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.3|19|1|1760|alpino_lc|1446
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.4|12|1|1890|alpino_lc|2702
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.5|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.6|8|1|200|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.7|8|1|400|alpino_lc|299
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.16.s.8|9|1|220|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.17.s.1|25|1|730|alpino_lc|161
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.17.s.2|18|1|610|alpino_lc|321
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.17.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.17.s.4|19|1|340|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.17.s.5|14|1|240|alpino_lc|75
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.18.s.1|15|1|590|alpino_lc|175
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.18.s.2|12|1|240|alpino_lc|135
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.18.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.18.s.4|19|1|5410|alpino_lc|3547
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.18.s.5|8|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.19.s.1|14|1|590|alpino_lc|621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.19.s.2|20|1|2060|alpino_lc|665
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.20.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.20.s.2|15|1|440|alpino_lc|235
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.20.s.3|9|1|410|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.20.s.4|19|1|2500|alpino_lc|2561
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.20.s.5|10|1|400|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.1|32|1|3470|alpino_lc|2558
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.2|14|1|950|alpino_lc|632
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.3|15|1|260|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.4|18|1|600|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.5|14|1|410|alpino_lc|253
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.6|22|1|1110|alpino_lc|461
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.7|10|1|390|alpino_lc|447
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.21.s.8|11|1|420|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.22.s.1|16|1|3060|alpino_lc|1693
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.22.s.2|19|1|640|alpino_lc|474
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.22.s.3|18|1|500|alpino_lc|203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.22.s.4|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|930
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.1|11|1|500|alpino_lc|397
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.2|19|1|2550|alpino_lc|1216
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.3|23|1|2320|alpino_lc|1065
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.4|19|1|1250|alpino_lc|986
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.5|9|1|260|alpino_lc|122
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.6|13|1|230|alpino_lc|108
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.7|12|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.8|16|1|3160|alpino_lc|2479
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.23.s.9|28|1|1450|alpino_lc|1203
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.24.s.1|44|1|26670|alpino_lc|9056
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.24.s.2|13|1|130|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.1|19|1|3980|alpino_lc|3869
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.2|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|976
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.3|15|1|990|alpino_lc|488
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.4|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|454
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.6|20|1|620|alpino_lc|345
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.7|10|1|410|alpino_lc|402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.8.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.8.2|9|1|180|alpino_lc|243
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.8.3|8|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.25.s.8.4|12|1|170|alpino_lc|79
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.26.s.1|12|1|470|alpino_lc|619
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.1|10|1|510|alpino_lc|316
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.3|12|1|670|alpino_lc|512
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.5|12|1|570|alpino_lc|466
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.27.s.6|19|1|490|alpino_lc|374
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.28.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.28.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|170
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.28.s.3|13|1|330|alpino_lc|226
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000248.p.28.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.1.s.1|25|1|5250|alpino_lc|2841
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.2.s.1|28|1|7010|alpino_lc|4906
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.2.s.2|20|1|840|alpino_lc|604
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.2.s.3|19|1|1220|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.2.s.4|36|1|5610|alpino_lc|6524
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.3|9|1|570|alpino_lc|384
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.4|5|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.5|6|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.6|9|1|330|alpino_lc|369
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.7|10|1|500|alpino_lc|290
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.8|13|1|350|alpino_lc|181
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.9|13|1|290|alpino_lc|77
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.10|27|1|840|alpino_lc|694
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.11|8|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.12|8|1|150|alpino_lc|127
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.13|11|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.14|18|1|10290|alpino_lc|2006
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.15|19|1|1740|alpino_lc|1000
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.16|12|1|440|alpino_lc|87
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.17|33|1|1990|alpino_lc|807
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.18|21|1|2260|alpino_lc|2301
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.3.s.19|10|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.4.s.1|21|1|790|alpino_lc|663
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.4.s.2|14|1|530|alpino_lc|554
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.4.s.3|17|1|510|alpino_lc|398
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.1|17|1|1370|alpino_lc|1458
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.2|21|1|4480|alpino_lc|2716
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.3|10|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.4|13|1|730|alpino_lc|254
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.5|17|1|640|alpino_lc|523
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.6|26|1|3190|alpino_lc|633
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.7|27|1|630|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.8|15|1|3600|alpino_lc|2159
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.9|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|202
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.5.s.10|11|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.1|21|1|2840|alpino_lc|792
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|641
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.3|35|1|16500|alpino_lc|7912
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|38
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.5|10|1|170|alpino_lc|120
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.6.s.6|10|1|320|alpino_lc|193
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.1|25|1|1020|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.2|8|1|210|alpino_lc|81
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.3|19|1|620|alpino_lc|331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.4|15|1|190|alpino_lc|95
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.5|11|1|420|alpino_lc|176
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.6|11|1|80|alpino_lc|63
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.7|10|1|170|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.8|18|1|450|alpino_lc|304
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.10|8|1|190|alpino_lc|44
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.7.s.11|40|1|4670|alpino_lc|4005
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.3|12|1|240|alpino_lc|154
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.4|22|1|8940|alpino_lc|2167
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.5|19|1|5950|alpino_lc|2177
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.8.s.6|11|1|110|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.9.s.1|27|1|2540|alpino_lc|481
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.9.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.10.s.1|16|1|1900|alpino_lc|1356
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.10.s.2|29|1|950|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.10.s.3|23|1|1140|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.10.s.4|17|1|280|alpino_lc|130
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.11.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.11.s.2|25|1|6420|alpino_lc|3058
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.11.s.3|6|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.12.s.1|18|1|860|alpino_lc|513
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.12.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.12.s.3|25|1|770|alpino_lc|349
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.13.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.14.s.1|13|1|1390|alpino_lc|1071
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.14.s.2|21|1|630|alpino_lc|332
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.14.s.3|23|1|2450|alpino_lc|1200
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.14.s.4|14|1|360|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.14.s.5|13|1|450|alpino_lc|138
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.15.s.1|17|1|14510|alpino_lc|10673
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.15.s.2|5|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.15.s.3|20|1|570|alpino_lc|192
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.15.s.4|27|1|2460|alpino_lc|1285
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.16.s.1|17|1|16820|alpino_lc|8261
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.16.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.16.s.3|17|1|5550|alpino_lc|2559
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.16.s.4|15|1|420|alpino_lc|294
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.16.s.5|15|1|240|alpino_lc|121
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.1|7|1|290|alpino_lc|55
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.2|15|1|620|alpino_lc|390
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.3|6|1|200|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.4|13|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.5|7|1|140|alpino_lc|86
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.6|5|1|90|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.7|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.17.s.8|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.18.s.1|10|1|440|alpino_lc|186
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.18.s.2|11|1|690|alpino_lc|76
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.18.s.3|9|1|180|alpino_lc|92
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.18.s.4|13|1|320|alpino_lc|317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.19.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.19.s.2|7|1|370|alpino_lc|106
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.19.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.19.s.4|23|1|680|alpino_lc|210
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.2|12|1|160|alpino_lc|88
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.3|9|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.4|12|1|460|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.5|11|1|230|alpino_lc|149
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.6|6|1|230|alpino_lc|61
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.20.s.7|16|1|170|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.21.s.1|18|1|520|alpino_lc|271
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.21.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.21.s.3|24|1|1000|alpino_lc|355
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.21.s.4|28|1|32220|alpino_lc|13317
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.21.s.5|9|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.1|17|1|3820|alpino_lc|2683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|59
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.4.1|59|1|13380|alpino_lc|8330
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.4.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|287
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.5|10|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.6|15|1|790|alpino_lc|683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.7|14|1|1310|alpino_lc|1035
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.8|30|1|15450|alpino_lc|13527
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.9|11|1|160|alpino_lc|72
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.10|26|1|3130|alpino_lc|4754
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.11|15|1|420|alpino_lc|213
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.12|17|1|250|alpino_lc|141
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.13|10|1|190|alpino_lc|91
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.14|27|1|1670|alpino_lc|310
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.15|19|1|380|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.16|22|1|4000|alpino_lc|1184
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.17|21|1|1820|alpino_lc|541
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.18|13|1|480|alpino_lc|214
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.19|18|1|460|alpino_lc|131
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.20|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|851
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.21|14|1|380|alpino_lc|366
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.22|41|1|4500|alpino_lc|1518
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.23|33|1|1620|alpino_lc|1039
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.24|11|1|280|alpino_lc|85
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.25|16|1|380|alpino_lc|169
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.26|20|1|1860|alpino_lc|1683
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.27|14|1|230|alpino_lc|64
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.22.s.28|27|1|1290|alpino_lc|798
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.23.s.1|19|1|1160|alpino_lc|773
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.23.s.2|14|1|940|alpino_lc|871
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.24.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|179
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.24.s.2|20|1|5180|alpino_lc|2568
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.24.s.3|10|1|190|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.24.s.4|10|1|160|alpino_lc|24
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.1|26|1|1480|alpino_lc|1621
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.2|11|1|1520|alpino_lc|1402
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.3|11|1|280|alpino_lc|70
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.4|20|1|28160|alpino_lc|21734
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.5|7|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.6|5|1|100|alpino_lc|28
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.7|22|1|570|alpino_lc|489
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.8|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.9|11|1|750|alpino_lc|707
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.10|8|1|180|alpino_lc|139
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.11|7|1|170|alpino_lc|41
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.12|24|1|4150|alpino_lc|6331
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.13|21|1|530|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.25.s.14|13|1|560|alpino_lc|521
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.26.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|276
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|48
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.2|24|1|6540|alpino_lc|3044
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.3|11|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.4|27|1|2080|alpino_lc|410
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.6|4|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.7|21|1|1010|alpino_lc|1146
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.8|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.27.s.9|7|1|110|alpino_lc|89
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.28.s.1|33|1|2700|alpino_lc|1712
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.28.s.2|22|1|2200|alpino_lc|573
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.1|21|1|1030|alpino_lc|391
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.2|9|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.3|21|1|8660|alpino_lc|6933
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.4|36|1|4210|alpino_lc|539
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.5|13|1|300|alpino_lc|274
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.6|17|1|730|alpino_lc|563
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.7|8|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.8|20|1|840|alpino_lc|931
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.9|14|1|1980|alpino_lc|1816
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.29.s.10|10|1|140|alpino_lc|47
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.30.s.1|18|1|400|alpino_lc|137
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.30.s.2|12|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.30.s.3|6|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.30.s.4|16|1|880|alpino_lc|431
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.30.s.5|16|1|1430|alpino_lc|472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.31.s.1|17|1|1140|alpino_lc|933
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.31.s.2|12|1|440|alpino_lc|505
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.31.s.3|18|1|570|alpino_lc|323
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.31.s.4|19|1|3590|alpino_lc|2472
T#WS-U-E-A-0000000249.p.31.s.5|17|1|820|alpino_lc|469
