cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7590 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 7520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 5160 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 3910 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 12380 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 5660 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5640 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5610 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 7140 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 2500 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 17860 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 4500 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 11000 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 9050 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 12290 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 7920 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 9400 msec
cputime total 20910 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 12380 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 10760 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 13740 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 16580 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5870 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 11540 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 12120 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 3870 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 10770 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 11550 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 3890 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 5430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 19220 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 3620 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 20580 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10600 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 19530 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 18390 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 100 msec
T#1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#3|11|1|190|alpino_lc|104
T#4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#5|17|1|840|alpino_lc|377
T#6|14|1|710|alpino_lc|547
T#7|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#8|9|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#9|10|1|490|alpino_lc|328
T#10|21|1|7590|alpino_lc|4739
T#11|12|1|260|alpino_lc|163
T#12|13|1|1030|alpino_lc|1665
T#13|8|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#14|9|1|220|alpino_lc|108
T#15|23|1|1730|alpino_lc|981
T#16|16|1|590|alpino_lc|603
T#17|12|1|810|alpino_lc|741
T#18|13|1|490|alpino_lc|223
T#19|9|1|260|alpino_lc|146
T#20|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#21|19|1|290|alpino_lc|118
T#22|15|1|360|alpino_lc|204
T#23|8|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#24|10|1|120|alpino_lc|27
T#25|18|1|2550|alpino_lc|1159
T#26|15|1|540|alpino_lc|351
T#27|23|1|3370|alpino_lc|3320
T#28|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|1293
T#29|16|1|570|alpino_lc|205
T#30|13|1|480|alpino_lc|194
T#31|8|1|250|alpino_lc|156
T#32|18|1|350|alpino_lc|211
T#33|11|1|340|alpino_lc|243
T#34|7|1|460|alpino_lc|372
T#35|22|1|1710|alpino_lc|1296
T#36|10|1|320|alpino_lc|194
T#37|13|1|620|alpino_lc|613
T#38|13|1|500|alpino_lc|620
T#39|12|1|380|alpino_lc|184
T#40|9|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#41|14|1|330|alpino_lc|173
T#42|5|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#43|11|1|350|alpino_lc|379
T#44|9|1|700|alpino_lc|622
T#45|8|1|610|alpino_lc|588
T#46|15|1|900|alpino_lc|697
T#47|13|1|250|alpino_lc|180
T#48|9|1|290|alpino_lc|218
T#49|12|1|930|alpino_lc|513
T#50|7|1|470|alpino_lc|134
T#51|16|1|300|alpino_lc|208
T#52|9|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#53|15|1|4860|alpino_lc|1708
T#54|6|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#55|9|1|1440|alpino_lc|1423
T#56|14|1|230|alpino_lc|127
T#57|12|1|200|alpino_lc|64
T#58|8|1|110|alpino_lc|79
T#59|13|1|1240|alpino_lc|1391
T#60|7|1|150|alpino_lc|35
T#61|22|1|1400|alpino_lc|959
T#62|16|1|320|alpino_lc|193
T#63|14|1|3620|alpino_lc|2190
T#64|10|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#65|19|1|4850|alpino_lc|1459
T#66|10|1|280|alpino_lc|147
T#67|11|1|1940|alpino_lc|1537
T#68|9|1|300|alpino_lc|112
T#69|14|1|290|alpino_lc|122
T#70|19|1|450|alpino_lc|159
T#71|12|1|1200|alpino_lc|566
T#72|11|1|330|alpino_lc|192
T#73|14|1|1440|alpino_lc|990
T#74|8|1|160|alpino_lc|102
T#75|9|1|140|alpino_lc|77
T#76|13|1|800|alpino_lc|428
T#77|17|1|1860|alpino_lc|1019
T#78|11|1|840|alpino_lc|560
T#79|9|1|720|alpino_lc|587
T#80|25|1|2250|alpino_lc|915
T#81|7|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#82|9|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#83|8|1|240|alpino_lc|196
T#84|8|1|120|alpino_lc|68
T#85|15|1|920|alpino_lc|482
T#86|17|1|2400|alpino_lc|2285
T#87|10|1|1030|alpino_lc|781
T#88|9|1|190|alpino_lc|166
T#89|11|1|370|alpino_lc|237
T#90|9|1|230|alpino_lc|76
T#91|20|1|1690|alpino_lc|1197
T#92|9|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#93|20|1|2100|alpino_lc|3343
T#94|11|1|300|alpino_lc|138
T#95|10|1|310|alpino_lc|164
T#96|16|1|990|alpino_lc|664
T#97|9|1|110|alpino_lc|70
T#98|8|1|140|alpino_lc|98
T#99|14|1|310|alpino_lc|94
T#100|14|1|2060|alpino_lc|803
T#101|16|1|1470|alpino_lc|585
T#102|8|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#103|9|1|330|alpino_lc|205
T#104|11|1|320|alpino_lc|141
T#105|9|1|170|alpino_lc|130
T#106|21|1|1850|alpino_lc|831
T#107|12|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#108|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#109|13|1|1830|alpino_lc|1396
T#110|9|1|190|alpino_lc|46
T#111|7|1|230|alpino_lc|130
T#112|9|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#113|14|1|1370|alpino_lc|705
T#114|8|1|130|alpino_lc|120
T#115|17|1|7520|alpino_lc|4704
T#116|12|1|420|alpino_lc|403
T#117|20|1|1160|alpino_lc|844
T#118|9|1|210|alpino_lc|222
T#119|8|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#120|6|1|240|alpino_lc|65
T#121|9|1|410|alpino_lc|253
T#122|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#123|23|1|510|alpino_lc|217
T#124|8|1|180|alpino_lc|69
T#125|10|1|620|alpino_lc|403
T#126|9|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#127|13|1|430|alpino_lc|169
T#128|9|1|210|alpino_lc|134
T#129|15|1|2060|alpino_lc|1316
T#130|10|1|270|alpino_lc|111
T#131|9|1|420|alpino_lc|357
T#132|10|1|180|alpino_lc|23
T#133|17|1|520|alpino_lc|255
T#134|9|1|270|alpino_lc|157
T#135|6|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#136|12|1|640|alpino_lc|507
T#137|19|1|450|alpino_lc|217
T#138|10|1|160|alpino_lc|25
T#139|17|1|620|alpino_lc|269
T#140|18|1|500|alpino_lc|250
T#141|10|1|770|alpino_lc|445
T#142|9|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#143|18|1|1180|alpino_lc|760
T#144|15|1|370|alpino_lc|105
T#145|10|1|380|alpino_lc|270
T#146|7|1|240|alpino_lc|230
T#147|15|1|2990|alpino_lc|414
T#148|13|1|2520|alpino_lc|2783
T#149|16|1|490|alpino_lc|414
T#150|11|1|240|alpino_lc|28
T#151|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|826
T#152|7|1|290|alpino_lc|196
T#153|12|1|650|alpino_lc|522
T#154|11|1|400|alpino_lc|326
T#155|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#156|18|1|4180|alpino_lc|3367
T#157|7|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#158|11|1|560|alpino_lc|425
T#159|16|1|2190|alpino_lc|1293
T#160|8|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#161|14|1|1470|alpino_lc|909
T#162|7|1|320|alpino_lc|196
T#163|11|1|1170|alpino_lc|1099
T#164|13|1|450|alpino_lc|261
T#165|4|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#166|9|1|220|alpino_lc|61
T#167|8|1|190|alpino_lc|127
T#168|9|1|240|alpino_lc|98
T#169|14|1|800|alpino_lc|592
T#170|9|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#171|10|1|500|alpino_lc|302
T#172|9|1|330|alpino_lc|195
T#173|17|1|900|alpino_lc|760
T#174|7|1|150|alpino_lc|98
T#175|8|1|100|alpino_lc|53
T#176|12|1|620|alpino_lc|432
T#177|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|863
T#178|15|1|350|alpino_lc|236
T#179|15|1|560|alpino_lc|321
T#180|11|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#181|15|1|810|alpino_lc|530
T#182|10|1|770|alpino_lc|554
T#183|26|1|2150|alpino_lc|830
T#184|12|1|420|alpino_lc|238
T#185|16|1|420|alpino_lc|101
T#186|13|1|860|alpino_lc|461
T#187|6|1|250|alpino_lc|151
T#188|21|1|2040|alpino_lc|675
T#189|8|1|80|alpino_lc|49
T#190|11|1|120|alpino_lc|77
T#191|20|1|3690|alpino_lc|3208
T#192|9|1|540|alpino_lc|217
T#193|9|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#194|10|1|180|alpino_lc|111
T#195|8|1|140|alpino_lc|67
T#196|11|1|190|alpino_lc|112
T#197|9|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#198|12|1|240|alpino_lc|35
T#199|9|1|800|alpino_lc|539
T#200|13|1|340|alpino_lc|234
T#201|20|1|5160|alpino_lc|4868
T#202|7|1|240|alpino_lc|130
T#203|18|1|1040|alpino_lc|666
T#204|21|1|1720|alpino_lc|1306
T#205|10|1|240|alpino_lc|140
T#206|11|1|220|alpino_lc|105
T#207|21|1|1850|alpino_lc|1066
T#208|13|1|530|alpino_lc|353
T#209|12|1|470|alpino_lc|362
T#210|6|1|70|alpino_lc|37
T#211|14|1|390|alpino_lc|330
T#212|7|1|250|alpino_lc|130
T#213|21|1|2480|alpino_lc|1239
T#214|9|1|260|alpino_lc|173
T#215|11|1|1190|alpino_lc|1740
T#216|16|1|690|alpino_lc|648
T#217|17|1|2520|alpino_lc|2581
T#218|21|1|3910|alpino_lc|2402
T#219|12|1|550|alpino_lc|93
T#220|27|1|12380|alpino_lc|2416
T#221|9|1|120|alpino_lc|75
T#222|9|1|580|alpino_lc|352
T#223|21|1|790|alpino_lc|292
T#224|5|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#225|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#226|13|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#227|8|1|180|alpino_lc|83
T#228|12|1|490|alpino_lc|478
T#229|16|1|1400|alpino_lc|742
T#230|14|1|240|alpino_lc|192
T#231|15|1|620|alpino_lc|451
T#232|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|864
T#233|9|1|390|alpino_lc|295
T#234|18|1|740|alpino_lc|382
T#235|7|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#236|9|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#237|12|1|280|alpino_lc|126
T#238|13|1|190|alpino_lc|99
T#239|13|1|1110|alpino_lc|850
T#240|11|1|2630|alpino_lc|1859
T#241|16|1|2550|alpino_lc|1634
T#242|19|1|4450|alpino_lc|3653
T#243|14|1|2410|alpino_lc|1320
T#244|8|1|310|alpino_lc|298
T#245|15|1|730|alpino_lc|347
T#246|22|1|1440|alpino_lc|1324
T#247|19|1|390|alpino_lc|217
T#248|10|1|640|alpino_lc|409
T#249|10|1|650|alpino_lc|420
T#250|9|1|1040|alpino_lc|772
T#251|8|1|180|alpino_lc|143
T#252|10|1|520|alpino_lc|402
T#253|11|1|500|alpino_lc|442
T#254|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#255|10|1|1210|alpino_lc|438
T#256|17|1|12100|alpino_lc|10380
T#257|14|1|430|alpino_lc|192
T#258|7|1|400|alpino_lc|225
T#259|11|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#260|14|1|1300|alpino_lc|975
T#261|18|1|410|alpino_lc|255
T#262|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|729
T#263|15|1|2420|alpino_lc|1475
T#264|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#265|19|1|490|alpino_lc|201
T#266|11|1|1020|alpino_lc|662
T#267|12|1|330|alpino_lc|89
T#268|9|1|240|alpino_lc|174
T#269|15|1|680|alpino_lc|352
T#270|12|1|790|alpino_lc|664
T#271|22|1|6440|alpino_lc|2339
T#272|12|1|550|alpino_lc|403
T#273|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|867
T#274|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#275|8|1|450|alpino_lc|373
T#276|22|1|2540|alpino_lc|1654
T#277|14|1|1250|alpino_lc|961
T#278|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|366
T#279|18|1|3280|alpino_lc|2412
T#280|10|1|200|alpino_lc|145
T#281|17|1|1920|alpino_lc|826
T#282|10|1|520|alpino_lc|402
T#283|11|1|260|alpino_lc|242
T#284|10|1|610|alpino_lc|517
T#285|7|1|1010|alpino_lc|724
T#286|10|1|180|alpino_lc|136
T#287|11|1|680|alpino_lc|645
T#288|12|1|220|alpino_lc|102
T#289|19|1|980|alpino_lc|451
T#290|7|1|170|alpino_lc|226
T#291|18|1|1860|alpino_lc|948
T#292|18|1|430|alpino_lc|322
T#293|23|1|11140|alpino_lc|5732
T#294|12|1|450|alpino_lc|366
T#295|10|1|830|alpino_lc|762
T#296|28|1|490|alpino_lc|181
T#297|16|1|490|alpino_lc|402
T#298|19|1|600|alpino_lc|349
T#299|26|1|650|alpino_lc|320
T#300|7|1|210|alpino_lc|226
T#301|8|1|170|alpino_lc|120
T#302|12|1|440|alpino_lc|287
T#303|19|1|5660|alpino_lc|1701
T#304|8|1|940|alpino_lc|746
T#305|10|1|120|alpino_lc|74
T#306|16|1|730|alpino_lc|716
T#307|10|1|300|alpino_lc|201
T#308|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|885
T#309|15|1|1040|alpino_lc|316
T#310|6|1|50|alpino_lc|30
T#311|22|1|1070|alpino_lc|388
T#312|19|1|3900|alpino_lc|2143
T#313|10|1|580|alpino_lc|460
T#314|9|1|220|alpino_lc|156
T#315|18|1|430|alpino_lc|189
T#316|9|1|170|alpino_lc|62
T#317|21|1|1160|alpino_lc|749
T#318|13|1|2360|alpino_lc|2405
T#319|13|1|670|alpino_lc|568
T#320|9|1|170|alpino_lc|91
T#321|12|1|520|alpino_lc|494
T#322|13|1|570|alpino_lc|344
T#323|13|1|500|alpino_lc|393
T#324|10|1|350|alpino_lc|269
T#325|13|1|650|alpino_lc|594
T#326|19|1|300|alpino_lc|116
T#327|15|1|4930|alpino_lc|1849
T#328|16|1|1720|alpino_lc|474
T#329|14|1|520|alpino_lc|409
T#330|8|1|370|alpino_lc|405
T#331|20|1|5640|alpino_lc|2325
T#332|16|1|590|alpino_lc|389
T#333|18|1|1380|alpino_lc|881
T#334|11|1|290|alpino_lc|252
T#335|22|1|2390|alpino_lc|2545
T#336|20|1|2760|alpino_lc|2061
T#337|7|1|120|alpino_lc|65
T#338|17|1|5610|alpino_lc|2977
T#339|12|1|520|alpino_lc|253
T#340|11|1|260|alpino_lc|104
T#341|11|1|420|alpino_lc|177
T#342|11|1|280|alpino_lc|127
T#343|15|1|410|alpino_lc|252
T#344|8|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#345|13|1|1590|alpino_lc|1304
T#346|11|1|340|alpino_lc|213
T#347|14|1|950|alpino_lc|608
T#348|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|911
T#349|19|1|710|alpino_lc|402
T#350|14|1|830|alpino_lc|165
T#351|9|1|390|alpino_lc|328
T#352|19|1|1930|alpino_lc|959
T#353|17|1|890|alpino_lc|747
T#354|11|1|380|alpino_lc|283
T#355|10|1|560|alpino_lc|358
T#356|13|1|550|alpino_lc|223
T#357|12|1|420|alpino_lc|276
T#358|8|1|770|alpino_lc|538
T#359|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#360|10|1|1130|alpino_lc|532
T#361|7|1|300|alpino_lc|227
T#362|15|1|910|alpino_lc|871
T#363|8|1|350|alpino_lc|326
T#364|6|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#365|13|1|360|alpino_lc|177
T#366|11|1|370|alpino_lc|353
T#367|18|1|5330|alpino_lc|4524
T#368|14|1|2340|alpino_lc|1561
T#369|15|1|1680|alpino_lc|1929
T#370|9|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#371|16|1|1750|alpino_lc|1392
T#372|15|1|850|alpino_lc|306
T#373|16|1|660|alpino_lc|360
T#374|11|1|370|alpino_lc|283
T#375|7|1|160|alpino_lc|101
T#376|17|1|290|alpino_lc|229
T#377|12|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#378|9|1|350|alpino_lc|312
T#379|13|1|220|alpino_lc|115
T#380|20|1|1170|alpino_lc|923
T#381|17|1|560|alpino_lc|298
T#382|8|1|240|alpino_lc|202
T#383|12|1|970|alpino_lc|722
T#384|14|1|510|alpino_lc|268
T#385|15|1|600|alpino_lc|223
T#386|24|1|2020|alpino_lc|1582
T#387|13|1|300|alpino_lc|145
T#388|17|1|670|alpino_lc|286
T#389|14|1|580|alpino_lc|255
T#390|5|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#391|22|1|7140|alpino_lc|5437
T#392|12|1|530|alpino_lc|342
T#393|10|1|570|alpino_lc|451
T#394|13|1|480|alpino_lc|463
T#395|10|1|560|alpino_lc|388
T#396|13|1|300|alpino_lc|188
T#397|8|1|450|alpino_lc|239
T#398|11|1|1880|alpino_lc|1838
T#399|12|1|780|alpino_lc|711
T#400|8|1|130|alpino_lc|94
T#401|23|1|11400|alpino_lc|3324
T#402|15|1|4460|alpino_lc|3262
T#403|13|1|510|alpino_lc|352
T#404|7|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#405|18|1|1650|alpino_lc|919
T#406|15|1|770|alpino_lc|668
T#407|20|1|850|alpino_lc|533
T#408|8|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#409|13|1|770|alpino_lc|544
T#410|14|1|1980|alpino_lc|1809
T#411|27|1|3720|alpino_lc|1615
T#412|16|1|2500|alpino_lc|2535
T#413|12|1|540|alpino_lc|385
T#414|17|1|1400|alpino_lc|1147
T#415|14|1|1450|alpino_lc|1899
T#416|17|1|820|alpino_lc|823
T#417|12|1|250|alpino_lc|156
T#418|14|1|480|alpino_lc|339
T#419|10|1|410|alpino_lc|267
T#420|10|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#421|10|1|460|alpino_lc|370
T#422|14|1|690|alpino_lc|540
T#423|8|1|270|alpino_lc|217
T#424|11|1|860|alpino_lc|386
T#425|10|1|140|alpino_lc|71
T#426|18|1|860|alpino_lc|458
T#427|13|1|160|alpino_lc|32
T#428|10|1|540|alpino_lc|437
T#429|14|1|590|alpino_lc|509
T#430|12|1|940|alpino_lc|898
T#431|16|1|650|alpino_lc|389
T#432|15|1|1340|alpino_lc|999
T#433|11|1|200|alpino_lc|123
T#434|8|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#435|9|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#436|9|1|250|alpino_lc|138
T#437|7|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#438|13|1|1310|alpino_lc|1060
T#439|8|1|120|alpino_lc|55
T#440|11|1|310|alpino_lc|305
T#441|16|1|530|alpino_lc|305
T#442|7|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#443|13|1|560|alpino_lc|351
T#444|13|1|560|alpino_lc|370
T#445|10|1|450|alpino_lc|569
T#446|9|1|450|alpino_lc|225
T#447|18|1|17860|alpino_lc|10950
T#448|16|1|1400|alpino_lc|659
T#449|14|1|420|alpino_lc|313
T#450|10|1|320|alpino_lc|224
T#451|12|1|1620|alpino_lc|1229
T#452|11|1|270|alpino_lc|190
T#453|12|1|1130|alpino_lc|1251
T#454|18|1|3050|alpino_lc|1273
T#455|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1044
T#456|21|1|4500|alpino_lc|2734
T#457|12|1|1480|alpino_lc|1190
T#458|14|1|220|alpino_lc|96
T#459|8|1|190|alpino_lc|92
T#460|9|1|960|alpino_lc|703
T#461|13|1|660|alpino_lc|465
T#462|22|1|11000|alpino_lc|1930
T#463|12|1|280|alpino_lc|247
T#464|12|1|230|alpino_lc|120
T#465|9|1|200|alpino_lc|146
T#466|19|1|410|alpino_lc|124
T#467|13|1|630|alpino_lc|330
T#468|8|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#469|12|1|890|alpino_lc|712
T#470|7|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#471|13|1|520|alpino_lc|423
T#472|6|1|260|alpino_lc|130
T#473|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|614
T#474|10|1|760|alpino_lc|558
T#475|10|1|1370|alpino_lc|602
T#476|13|1|370|alpino_lc|191
T#477|14|1|310|alpino_lc|197
T#478|23|1|5530|alpino_lc|3127
T#479|12|1|150|alpino_lc|105
T#480|10|1|190|alpino_lc|150
T#481|8|1|320|alpino_lc|205
T#482|15|1|840|alpino_lc|473
T#483|14|1|680|alpino_lc|423
T#484|15|1|1100|alpino_lc|782
T#485|11|1|840|alpino_lc|468
T#486|11|1|150|alpino_lc|101
T#487|9|1|1400|alpino_lc|606
T#488|7|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#489|12|1|1230|alpino_lc|909
T#490|5|1|210|alpino_lc|65
T#491|9|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#492|21|1|2110|alpino_lc|1111
T#493|20|1|1690|alpino_lc|1126
T#494|9|1|190|alpino_lc|115
T#495|8|1|800|alpino_lc|534
T#496|18|1|2020|alpino_lc|1144
T#497|7|1|180|alpino_lc|139
T#498|12|1|170|alpino_lc|84
T#499|14|1|700|alpino_lc|580
T#500|16|1|5920|alpino_lc|2468
T#501|16|1|880|alpino_lc|424
T#502|15|1|2580|alpino_lc|1047
T#503|15|1|1010|alpino_lc|431
T#504|14|1|730|alpino_lc|768
T#505|12|1|560|alpino_lc|298
T#506|13|1|250|alpino_lc|124
T#507|17|1|1620|alpino_lc|1040
T#508|13|1|360|alpino_lc|212
T#509|13|1|340|alpino_lc|263
T#510|12|1|270|alpino_lc|65
T#511|18|1|1090|alpino_lc|640
T#512|16|1|730|alpino_lc|533
T#513|21|1|2050|alpino_lc|1179
T#514|10|1|450|alpino_lc|410
T#515|11|1|240|alpino_lc|210
T#516|8|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#517|16|1|2590|alpino_lc|1242
T#518|11|1|440|alpino_lc|240
T#519|22|1|1090|alpino_lc|733
T#520|4|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#521|12|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#522|15|1|520|alpino_lc|379
T#523|8|1|90|alpino_lc|83
T#524|8|1|930|alpino_lc|537
T#525|13|1|200|alpino_lc|173
T#526|24|1|9050|alpino_lc|5249
T#527|23|1|790|alpino_lc|344
T#528|14|1|2970|alpino_lc|2456
T#529|10|1|730|alpino_lc|547
T#530|10|1|1360|alpino_lc|1061
T#531|11|1|570|alpino_lc|443
T#532|17|1|3290|alpino_lc|2106
T#533|12|1|330|alpino_lc|242
T#534|8|1|600|alpino_lc|499
T#535|12|1|300|alpino_lc|201
T#536|13|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#537|13|1|470|alpino_lc|297
T#538|11|1|750|alpino_lc|564
T#539|11|1|1530|alpino_lc|1180
T#540|14|1|1170|alpino_lc|867
T#541|21|1|3960|alpino_lc|1011
T#542|22|1|3580|alpino_lc|1770
T#543|13|1|280|alpino_lc|148
T#544|8|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#545|17|1|12290|alpino_lc|8482
T#546|15|1|1270|alpino_lc|571
T#547|23|1|3250|alpino_lc|2053
T#548|16|1|630|alpino_lc|600
T#549|12|1|440|alpino_lc|339
T#550|11|1|510|alpino_lc|254
T#551|8|1|160|alpino_lc|134
T#552|15|1|830|alpino_lc|466
T#553|15|1|400|alpino_lc|323
T#554|8|1|930|alpino_lc|689
T#555|17|1|320|alpino_lc|275
T#556|13|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#557|13|1|250|alpino_lc|85
T#558|11|1|240|alpino_lc|116
T#559|21|1|260|alpino_lc|141
T#560|10|1|610|alpino_lc|309
T#561|9|1|340|alpino_lc|266
T#562|17|1|3510|alpino_lc|2014
T#563|13|1|330|alpino_lc|233
T#564|8|1|290|alpino_lc|201
T#565|16|1|2870|alpino_lc|1991
T#566|12|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#567|19|1|7920|alpino_lc|3746
T#568|11|1|690|alpino_lc|466
T#569|8|1|500|alpino_lc|375
T#570|8|1|190|alpino_lc|60
T#571|11|1|590|alpino_lc|338
T#572|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|1043
T#573|15|1|590|alpino_lc|418
T#574|8|1|490|alpino_lc|532
T#575|12|1|240|alpino_lc|97
T#576|18|1|2430|alpino_lc|887
T#577|9|1|250|alpino_lc|133
T#578|23|1|370|alpino_lc|184
T#579|14|1|1050|alpino_lc|815
T#580|20|1|1220|alpino_lc|852
T#581|12|1|380|alpino_lc|366
T#582|11|1|1460|alpino_lc|1702
T#583|17|1|1630|alpino_lc|1599
T#584|7|1|430|alpino_lc|372
T#585|10|1|270|alpino_lc|250
T#586|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|1121
T#587|18|1|960|alpino_lc|887
T#588|8|1|120|alpino_lc|106
T#589|10|1|800|alpino_lc|630
T#590|11|1|410|alpino_lc|195
T#591|6|1|50|alpino_lc|29
T#592|17|1|9400|alpino_lc|3875
T#593|25|1|20910|alpino_lc|10781
T#594|8|1|310|alpino_lc|298
T#595|11|1|320|alpino_lc|257
T#596|17|1|3290|alpino_lc|2948
T#597|13|1|1460|alpino_lc|718
T#598|16|1|3650|alpino_lc|2758
T#599|10|1|500|alpino_lc|279
T#600|15|1|510|alpino_lc|197
T#601|11|1|260|alpino_lc|206
T#602|17|1|2440|alpino_lc|1135
T#603|26|1|12380|alpino_lc|5954
T#604|12|1|870|alpino_lc|1213
T#605|13|1|430|alpino_lc|251
T#606|17|1|620|alpino_lc|285
T#607|12|1|280|alpino_lc|91
T#608|9|1|130|alpino_lc|129
T#609|13|1|110|alpino_lc|30
T#610|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#611|23|1|1900|alpino_lc|1355
T#612|12|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#613|17|1|830|alpino_lc|603
T#614|13|1|340|alpino_lc|399
T#615|12|1|1280|alpino_lc|525
T#616|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|776
T#617|10|1|540|alpino_lc|406
T#618|6|1|70|alpino_lc|35
T#619|15|1|260|alpino_lc|146
T#620|10|1|770|alpino_lc|598
T#621|11|1|200|alpino_lc|148
T#622|13|1|250|alpino_lc|132
T#623|11|1|330|alpino_lc|113
T#624|8|1|330|alpino_lc|298
T#625|8|1|590|alpino_lc|409
T#626|18|1|240|alpino_lc|146
T#627|11|1|180|alpino_lc|85
T#628|14|1|300|alpino_lc|183
T#629|14|1|1980|alpino_lc|1769
T#630|14|1|380|alpino_lc|286
T#631|8|1|130|alpino_lc|77
T#632|15|1|640|alpino_lc|410
T#633|17|1|1680|alpino_lc|946
T#634|18|1|600|alpino_lc|428
T#635|6|1|170|alpino_lc|134
T#636|11|1|640|alpino_lc|481
T#637|16|1|3490|alpino_lc|1420
T#638|12|1|140|alpino_lc|48
T#639|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|702
T#640|13|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#641|8|1|110|alpino_lc|77
T#642|23|1|1470|alpino_lc|700
T#643|20|1|10760|alpino_lc|3989
T#644|7|1|270|alpino_lc|217
T#645|22|1|470|alpino_lc|130
T#646|6|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#647|16|1|2140|alpino_lc|2251
T#648|13|1|1650|alpino_lc|779
T#649|20|1|660|alpino_lc|377
T#650|9|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#651|6|1|80|alpino_lc|56
T#652|13|1|460|alpino_lc|382
T#653|10|1|1050|alpino_lc|987
T#654|9|1|170|alpino_lc|98
T#655|11|1|450|alpino_lc|330
T#656|9|1|120|alpino_lc|19
T#657|21|1|4060|alpino_lc|2481
T#658|25|1|620|alpino_lc|275
T#659|15|1|1240|alpino_lc|716
T#660|11|1|310|alpino_lc|204
T#661|8|1|100|alpino_lc|63
T#662|15|1|2660|alpino_lc|1479
T#663|12|1|510|alpino_lc|169
T#664|7|1|130|alpino_lc|40
T#665|12|1|570|alpino_lc|441
T#666|17|1|2580|alpino_lc|1575
T#667|25|1|1000|alpino_lc|679
T#668|13|1|500|alpino_lc|286
T#669|10|1|280|alpino_lc|181
T#670|13|1|990|alpino_lc|670
T#671|16|1|350|alpino_lc|361
T#672|11|1|220|alpino_lc|78
T#673|21|1|18140|alpino_lc|5877
T#674|9|1|720|alpino_lc|531
T#675|7|1|240|alpino_lc|130
T#676|25|1|5280|alpino_lc|2423
T#677|14|1|710|alpino_lc|570
T#678|12|1|560|alpino_lc|220
T#679|14|1|1120|alpino_lc|1301
T#680|20|1|2370|alpino_lc|965
T#681|12|1|420|alpino_lc|309
T#682|13|1|1040|alpino_lc|735
T#683|24|1|13740|alpino_lc|13012
T#684|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#685|12|1|650|alpino_lc|552
T#686|16|1|2160|alpino_lc|1950
T#687|14|1|600|alpino_lc|489
T#688|13|1|2690|alpino_lc|2764
T#689|14|1|4320|alpino_lc|3908
T#690|8|1|770|alpino_lc|600
T#691|22|1|4570|alpino_lc|1139
T#692|18|1|1840|alpino_lc|1265
T#693|21|1|16580|alpino_lc|14570
T#694|8|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#695|17|1|360|alpino_lc|200
T#696|11|1|190|alpino_lc|136
T#697|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|1279
T#698|12|1|1740|alpino_lc|1591
T#699|9|1|240|alpino_lc|173
T#700|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#701|19|1|3790|alpino_lc|2697
T#702|12|1|180|alpino_lc|75
T#703|14|1|5870|alpino_lc|1850
T#704|9|1|220|alpino_lc|220
T#705|11|1|240|alpino_lc|181
T#706|10|1|160|alpino_lc|99
T#707|22|1|2970|alpino_lc|391
T#708|14|1|320|alpino_lc|92
T#709|18|1|870|alpino_lc|855
T#710|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#711|20|1|1730|alpino_lc|628
T#712|18|1|1730|alpino_lc|1041
T#713|16|1|11540|alpino_lc|4319
T#714|13|1|2230|alpino_lc|919
T#715|9|1|710|alpino_lc|532
T#716|13|1|770|alpino_lc|537
T#717|11|1|340|alpino_lc|297
T#718|15|1|310|alpino_lc|47
T#719|13|1|590|alpino_lc|235
T#720|21|1|12120|alpino_lc|4179
T#721|22|1|1630|alpino_lc|564
T#722|9|1|90|alpino_lc|61
T#723|20|1|930|alpino_lc|373
T#724|17|1|4100|alpino_lc|2818
T#725|15|1|540|alpino_lc|435
T#726|8|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#727|18|1|3870|alpino_lc|2098
T#728|13|1|760|alpino_lc|499
T#729|12|1|1030|alpino_lc|988
T#730|4|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#731|12|1|220|alpino_lc|151
T#732|11|1|210|alpino_lc|142
T#733|17|1|1750|alpino_lc|795
T#734|11|1|3020|alpino_lc|1093
T#735|7|1|130|alpino_lc|21
T#736|17|1|1550|alpino_lc|832
T#737|11|1|320|alpino_lc|263
T#738|14|1|1810|alpino_lc|1526
T#739|12|1|370|alpino_lc|333
T#740|6|1|190|alpino_lc|140
T#741|13|1|960|alpino_lc|534
T#742|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|527
T#743|13|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#744|7|1|450|alpino_lc|346
T#745|10|1|320|alpino_lc|185
T#746|24|1|1520|alpino_lc|649
T#747|27|1|10770|alpino_lc|5535
T#748|15|1|1780|alpino_lc|2185
T#749|26|1|6680|alpino_lc|1497
T#750|9|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#751|13|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#752|8|1|110|alpino_lc|78
T#753|11|1|170|alpino_lc|106
T#754|8|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#755|13|1|400|alpino_lc|184
T#756|10|1|1070|alpino_lc|724
T#757|15|1|430|alpino_lc|138
T#758|11|1|490|alpino_lc|269
T#759|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|433
T#760|9|1|260|alpino_lc|152
T#761|15|1|420|alpino_lc|340
T#762|11|1|240|alpino_lc|237
T#763|17|1|1010|alpino_lc|932
T#764|18|1|4170|alpino_lc|1573
T#765|12|1|350|alpino_lc|205
T#766|15|1|620|alpino_lc|541
T#767|15|1|1590|alpino_lc|1668
T#768|17|1|210|alpino_lc|36
T#769|15|1|2180|alpino_lc|658
T#770|7|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#771|7|1|60|alpino_lc|55
T#772|11|1|220|alpino_lc|136
T#773|9|1|400|alpino_lc|393
T#774|16|1|11550|alpino_lc|8031
T#775|10|1|210|alpino_lc|96
T#776|11|1|460|alpino_lc|255
T#777|9|1|590|alpino_lc|410
T#778|16|1|3890|alpino_lc|1127
T#779|10|1|280|alpino_lc|229
T#780|15|1|2150|alpino_lc|820
T#781|7|1|180|alpino_lc|123
T#782|11|1|200|alpino_lc|109
T#783|13|1|660|alpino_lc|167
T#784|10|1|180|alpino_lc|108
T#785|19|1|1560|alpino_lc|1483
T#786|11|1|360|alpino_lc|181
T#787|15|1|890|alpino_lc|369
T#788|19|1|1790|alpino_lc|1330
T#789|18|1|5150|alpino_lc|2755
T#790|9|1|350|alpino_lc|147
T#791|7|1|90|alpino_lc|58
T#792|14|1|510|alpino_lc|494
T#793|14|1|610|alpino_lc|366
T#794|6|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#795|12|1|1370|alpino_lc|1203
T#796|10|1|300|alpino_lc|201
T#797|12|1|750|alpino_lc|406
T#798|10|1|250|alpino_lc|176
T#799|17|1|800|alpino_lc|595
T#800|19|1|4470|alpino_lc|1929
T#801|19|1|1300|alpino_lc|977
T#802|16|1|470|alpino_lc|303
T#803|9|1|340|alpino_lc|353
T#804|16|1|790|alpino_lc|556
T#805|14|1|360|alpino_lc|74
T#806|9|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#807|23|1|810|alpino_lc|474
T#808|11|1|2670|alpino_lc|2031
T#809|10|1|290|alpino_lc|157
T#810|15|1|880|alpino_lc|672
T#811|16|1|460|alpino_lc|289
T#812|13|1|530|alpino_lc|395
T#813|10|1|220|alpino_lc|96
T#814|19|1|1880|alpino_lc|706
T#815|9|1|650|alpino_lc|507
T#816|11|1|380|alpino_lc|253
T#817|14|1|2000|alpino_lc|956
T#818|15|1|1290|alpino_lc|571
T#819|11|1|550|alpino_lc|277
T#820|10|1|230|alpino_lc|103
T#821|16|1|660|alpino_lc|378
T#822|10|1|160|alpino_lc|109
T#823|10|1|450|alpino_lc|430
T#824|9|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#825|17|1|1440|alpino_lc|1147
T#826|28|1|520|alpino_lc|260
T#827|18|1|5430|alpino_lc|3209
T#828|19|1|160|alpino_lc|47
T#829|23|1|6700|alpino_lc|4204
T#830|21|1|720|alpino_lc|150
T#831|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|732
T#832|14|1|1040|alpino_lc|915
T#833|10|1|220|alpino_lc|98
T#834|12|1|450|alpino_lc|184
T#835|10|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#836|11|1|1580|alpino_lc|710
T#837|10|1|180|alpino_lc|95
T#838|19|1|2090|alpino_lc|912
T#839|9|1|130|alpino_lc|129
T#840|10|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#841|12|1|260|alpino_lc|167
T#842|12|1|130|alpino_lc|70
T#843|17|1|170|alpino_lc|80
T#844|12|1|840|alpino_lc|798
T#845|9|1|190|alpino_lc|142
T#846|11|1|1470|alpino_lc|1733
T#847|7|1|80|alpino_lc|48
T#848|16|1|330|alpino_lc|77
T#849|8|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#850|14|1|410|alpino_lc|393
T#851|14|1|710|alpino_lc|620
T#852|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|637
T#853|19|1|1710|alpino_lc|1565
T#854|11|1|950|alpino_lc|504
T#855|17|1|730|alpino_lc|395
T#856|15|1|730|alpino_lc|691
T#857|16|1|1100|alpino_lc|875
T#858|15|1|2080|alpino_lc|2103
T#859|25|1|19220|alpino_lc|11215
T#860|8|1|90|alpino_lc|48
T#861|13|1|320|alpino_lc|245
T#862|9|1|190|alpino_lc|128
T#863|13|1|160|alpino_lc|28
T#864|16|1|1200|alpino_lc|1126
T#865|8|1|390|alpino_lc|374
T#866|13|1|2000|alpino_lc|2157
T#867|19|1|750|alpino_lc|563
T#868|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|793
T#869|15|1|2830|alpino_lc|2425
T#870|21|1|1730|alpino_lc|1115
T#871|19|1|1090|alpino_lc|783
T#872|12|1|360|alpino_lc|225
T#873|13|1|190|alpino_lc|135
T#874|20|1|1310|alpino_lc|880
T#875|9|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#876|10|1|330|alpino_lc|252
T#877|10|1|270|alpino_lc|253
T#878|11|1|1460|alpino_lc|1286
T#879|13|1|440|alpino_lc|300
T#880|21|1|1400|alpino_lc|789
T#881|18|1|3620|alpino_lc|3172
T#882|11|1|180|alpino_lc|124
T#883|9|1|120|alpino_lc|13
T#884|10|1|180|alpino_lc|16
T#885|12|1|570|alpino_lc|491
T#886|23|1|2480|alpino_lc|2516
T#887|22|1|3390|alpino_lc|1560
T#888|16|1|2990|alpino_lc|2620
T#889|12|1|300|alpino_lc|190
T#890|13|1|300|alpino_lc|125
T#891|12|1|460|alpino_lc|365
T#892|10|1|180|alpino_lc|144
T#893|15|1|760|alpino_lc|464
T#894|9|1|230|alpino_lc|276
T#895|10|1|230|alpino_lc|93
T#896|12|1|420|alpino_lc|385
T#897|11|1|180|alpino_lc|89
T#898|12|1|360|alpino_lc|265
T#899|22|1|1400|alpino_lc|1028
T#900|10|1|300|alpino_lc|383
T#901|8|1|110|alpino_lc|63
T#902|17|1|1120|alpino_lc|691
T#903|14|1|420|alpino_lc|320
T#904|9|1|390|alpino_lc|402
T#905|10|1|630|alpino_lc|264
T#906|17|1|220|alpino_lc|53
T#907|9|1|730|alpino_lc|518
T#908|15|1|580|alpino_lc|493
T#909|18|1|1340|alpino_lc|932
T#910|9|1|160|alpino_lc|120
T#911|19|1|1110|alpino_lc|373
T#912|9|1|160|alpino_lc|143
T#913|7|1|150|alpino_lc|67
T#914|12|1|3880|alpino_lc|2325
T#915|7|1|180|alpino_lc|103
T#916|15|1|320|alpino_lc|200
T#917|6|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#918|10|1|290|alpino_lc|166
T#919|7|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#920|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|1051
T#921|22|1|20580|alpino_lc|5979
T#922|12|1|240|alpino_lc|94
T#923|10|1|380|alpino_lc|244
T#924|13|1|2130|alpino_lc|2129
T#925|10|1|240|alpino_lc|237
T#926|16|1|1380|alpino_lc|1449
T#927|17|1|640|alpino_lc|372
T#928|11|1|230|alpino_lc|134
T#929|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|550
T#930|13|1|500|alpino_lc|293
T#931|17|1|1690|alpino_lc|1179
T#932|17|1|270|alpino_lc|114
T#933|10|1|210|alpino_lc|97
T#934|11|1|540|alpino_lc|238
T#935|8|1|120|alpino_lc|76
T#936|15|1|10600|alpino_lc|10139
T#937|8|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#938|15|1|1310|alpino_lc|1106
T#939|14|1|1870|alpino_lc|1692
T#940|11|1|660|alpino_lc|567
T#941|9|1|210|alpino_lc|212
T#942|21|1|2280|alpino_lc|1077
T#943|10|1|860|alpino_lc|367
T#944|12|1|650|alpino_lc|421
T#945|11|1|340|alpino_lc|248
T#946|10|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#947|27|1|5510|alpino_lc|2984
T#948|15|1|1800|alpino_lc|726
T#949|23|1|1000|alpino_lc|545
T#950|20|1|1280|alpino_lc|738
T#951|23|1|4040|alpino_lc|5107
T#952|13|1|330|alpino_lc|191
T#953|8|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#954|12|1|380|alpino_lc|248
T#955|9|1|220|alpino_lc|163
T#956|14|1|520|alpino_lc|299
T#957|28|1|19530|alpino_lc|7142
T#958|11|1|830|alpino_lc|806
T#959|14|1|260|alpino_lc|223
T#960|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#961|15|1|1110|alpino_lc|660
T#962|17|1|840|alpino_lc|706
T#963|14|1|350|alpino_lc|183
T#964|10|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#965|14|1|670|alpino_lc|202
T#966|12|1|980|alpino_lc|401
T#967|22|1|3660|alpino_lc|1767
T#968|10|1|1500|alpino_lc|1156
T#969|11|1|710|alpino_lc|486
T#970|16|1|3650|alpino_lc|5420
T#971|18|1|490|alpino_lc|335
T#972|13|1|490|alpino_lc|358
T#973|8|1|100|alpino_lc|55
T#974|16|1|2010|alpino_lc|1702
T#975|13|1|250|alpino_lc|144
T#976|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|1204
T#977|9|1|520|alpino_lc|349
T#978|28|1|18390|alpino_lc|3334
T#979|19|1|650|alpino_lc|269
T#980|10|1|720|alpino_lc|495
T#981|14|1|1320|alpino_lc|731
T#982|14|1|1720|alpino_lc|1425
T#983|15|1|390|alpino_lc|367
T#984|9|1|250|alpino_lc|99
T#985|9|1|160|alpino_lc|107
T#986|15|1|330|alpino_lc|216
T#987|17|1|710|alpino_lc|475
T#988|13|1|270|alpino_lc|177
T#989|8|1|330|alpino_lc|268
T#990|15|1|3440|alpino_lc|2074
T#991|23|1|1060|alpino_lc|923
T#992|21|1|400|alpino_lc|141
T#993|13|1|870|alpino_lc|265
T#994|10|1|1160|alpino_lc|782
T#995|13|1|380|alpino_lc|303
T#996|14|1|460|alpino_lc|447
T#997|19|1|2560|alpino_lc|1188
T#998|11|1|150|alpino_lc|46
T#999|12|1|450|alpino_lc|280
T#1000|7|1|100|alpino_lc|43
