cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
T#1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#4|4|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#8|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#11|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#12|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#13|4|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#14|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#15|9|1|240|alpino_lc|340
T#16|8|1|360|alpino_lc|150
T#17|5|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#18|4|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#19|4|1|70|alpino_lc|40
T#20|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#21|7|1|420|alpino_lc|354
T#22|5|1|80|alpino_lc|5
T#23|5|1|240|alpino_lc|101
T#24|5|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#25|4|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#26|4|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#27|6|1|120|alpino_lc|69
T#28|4|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#29|8|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#30|5|1|90|alpino_lc|65
T#31|10|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#32|6|1|100|alpino_lc|71
T#33|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#34|4|1|40|alpino_lc|32
T#35|7|1|150|alpino_lc|90
T#36|7|1|300|alpino_lc|342
T#37|9|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#38|13|1|650|alpino_lc|379
T#39|8|1|430|alpino_lc|277
T#40|9|1|60|alpino_lc|50
T#41|8|1|200|alpino_lc|58
T#42|8|1|250|alpino_lc|312
T#43|4|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#44|3|1|10|alpino_lc|8
T#45|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#46|3|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#47|3|1|30|alpino_lc|24
T#48|4|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#49|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#50|8|1|150|alpino_lc|130
T#51|7|1|140|alpino_lc|129
T#52|6|1|90|alpino_lc|61
T#53|6|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#54|8|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#55|7|1|220|alpino_lc|170
T#56|6|1|80|alpino_lc|70
T#57|7|1|270|alpino_lc|370
T#58|8|1|130|alpino_lc|74
T#59|10|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#60|9|1|150|alpino_lc|71
T#61|9|1|120|alpino_lc|79
T#62|6|1|190|alpino_lc|137
T#63|7|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#64|6|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#65|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#66|9|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#67|9|1|740|alpino_lc|892
T#68|6|1|220|alpino_lc|152
T#69|10|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#70|9|1|260|alpino_lc|159
T#71|9|1|220|alpino_lc|134
T#72|4|1|50|alpino_lc|45
T#73|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#74|7|1|410|alpino_lc|254
T#75|8|1|270|alpino_lc|258
T#76|8|1|220|alpino_lc|302
T#77|4|1|70|alpino_lc|39
T#78|4|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#79|4|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#80|5|1|150|alpino_lc|89
T#81|4|1|100|alpino_lc|42
T#82|5|1|270|alpino_lc|188
T#83|3|1|20|alpino_lc|14
T#84|3|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#85|6|1|90|alpino_lc|49
T#86|5|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#87|4|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#88|4|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#89|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#90|8|1|150|alpino_lc|96
T#91|5|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#92|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#93|4|1|30|alpino_lc|23
T#94|7|1|230|alpino_lc|151
T#95|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#96|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#97|4|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#98|8|1|280|alpino_lc|162
T#99|7|1|200|alpino_lc|305
T#100|7|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#101|8|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#102|4|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#103|3|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#104|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#105|3|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#106|6|1|60|alpino_lc|49
T#107|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#108|6|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#109|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#110|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#111|7|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#112|10|1|220|alpino_lc|69
T#113|5|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#114|5|1|140|alpino_lc|92
T#115|4|1|40|alpino_lc|42
T#116|9|1|240|alpino_lc|136
T#117|4|1|30|alpino_lc|25
T#118|5|1|40|alpino_lc|27
T#119|8|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#120|6|1|180|alpino_lc|99
T#121|5|1|210|alpino_lc|11
T#122|7|1|110|alpino_lc|17
T#123|9|1|330|alpino_lc|71
T#124|9|1|350|alpino_lc|70
T#125|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#126|4|1|180|alpino_lc|189
T#127|5|1|160|alpino_lc|39
T#128|6|1|250|alpino_lc|92
T#129|10|1|250|alpino_lc|62
T#130|6|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#131|8|1|250|alpino_lc|159
T#132|6|1|80|alpino_lc|70
T#133|6|1|160|alpino_lc|178
T#134|4|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#135|5|1|80|alpino_lc|58
T#136|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#137|6|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#138|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#139|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#140|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#141|3|1|30|alpino_lc|45
T#142|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#143|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#144|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#145|3|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#146|5|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#147|5|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#148|4|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#149|5|1|130|alpino_lc|41
T#150|6|1|80|alpino_lc|68
T#151|9|1|210|alpino_lc|191
T#152|10|1|280|alpino_lc|269
T#153|7|1|90|alpino_lc|80
T#154|4|1|50|alpino_lc|25
T#155|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#156|5|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#157|4|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#158|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#159|6|1|90|alpino_lc|60
T#160|5|1|60|alpino_lc|49
T#161|6|1|140|alpino_lc|109
T#162|6|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#163|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#164|7|1|180|alpino_lc|104
T#165|6|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#166|9|1|180|alpino_lc|91
T#167|10|1|1420|alpino_lc|641
T#168|7|1|300|alpino_lc|205
T#169|8|1|90|alpino_lc|109
T#170|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#171|4|1|30|alpino_lc|27
T#172|9|1|100|alpino_lc|69
T#173|5|1|80|alpino_lc|45
T#174|6|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#175|7|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#176|9|1|170|alpino_lc|121
T#177|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#178|4|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#179|9|1|410|alpino_lc|319
T#180|8|1|370|alpino_lc|28
T#181|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#182|11|1|470|alpino_lc|249
T#183|7|1|860|alpino_lc|627
T#184|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#185|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#186|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#187|3|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#188|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#189|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#190|3|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#191|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#192|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#193|5|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#194|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#195|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#196|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#197|3|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#198|3|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#199|3|1|20|alpino_lc|11
T#200|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#201|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#202|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#203|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#204|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#205|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#206|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#207|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#208|5|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#209|5|1|130|alpino_lc|24
T#210|5|1|80|alpino_lc|39
T#211|4|1|30|alpino_lc|17
T#212|4|1|30|alpino_lc|21
T#213|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#214|5|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#215|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#216|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#217|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#218|3|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#219|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#220|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#221|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#222|6|1|120|alpino_lc|10
T#223|6|1|170|alpino_lc|10
T#224|5|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#225|5|1|50|alpino_lc|34
T#226|8|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#227|6|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#228|4|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#229|6|1|170|alpino_lc|135
T#230|11|1|300|alpino_lc|245
T#231|15|1|410|alpino_lc|159
T#232|7|1|140|alpino_lc|21
T#233|11|1|120|alpino_lc|50
T#234|7|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#235|9|1|200|alpino_lc|178
T#236|7|1|350|alpino_lc|217
T#237|7|1|110|alpino_lc|46
T#238|10|1|300|alpino_lc|368
T#239|9|1|160|alpino_lc|95
T#240|9|1|130|alpino_lc|91
T#241|15|1|840|alpino_lc|441
T#242|9|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#243|4|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#244|6|1|70|alpino_lc|31
T#245|8|1|120|alpino_lc|103
T#246|11|1|280|alpino_lc|142
T#247|8|1|620|alpino_lc|408
T#248|6|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#249|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#250|10|1|130|alpino_lc|131
T#251|14|1|240|alpino_lc|148
T#252|15|1|680|alpino_lc|336
T#253|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#254|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#255|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#256|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#257|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#258|7|1|130|alpino_lc|71
T#259|4|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#260|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#261|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#262|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#263|10|1|270|alpino_lc|186
T#264|7|1|80|alpino_lc|68
T#265|5|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#266|10|1|390|alpino_lc|437
T#267|5|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#268|8|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#269|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#270|7|1|150|alpino_lc|207
T#271|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#272|5|1|50|alpino_lc|32
T#273|6|1|220|alpino_lc|185
T#274|5|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#275|7|1|440|alpino_lc|569
T#276|6|1|190|alpino_lc|131
T#277|7|1|240|alpino_lc|157
T#278|9|1|570|alpino_lc|856
T#279|6|1|640|alpino_lc|638
T#280|4|1|120|alpino_lc|72
T#281|4|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#282|5|1|280|alpino_lc|302
T#283|7|1|240|alpino_lc|136
T#284|5|1|240|alpino_lc|223
T#285|7|1|850|alpino_lc|1146
T#286|9|1|190|alpino_lc|182
T#287|10|1|1240|alpino_lc|1957
T#288|5|1|110|alpino_lc|82
T#289|3|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#290|6|1|200|alpino_lc|249
T#291|9|1|110|alpino_lc|55
T#292|8|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#293|5|1|50|alpino_lc|45
T#294|9|1|100|alpino_lc|68
T#295|7|1|290|alpino_lc|96
T#296|7|1|900|alpino_lc|984
T#297|6|1|190|alpino_lc|246
T#298|10|1|630|alpino_lc|768
T#299|6|1|110|alpino_lc|77
T#300|6|1|210|alpino_lc|76
T#301|4|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#302|4|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#303|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#304|7|1|120|alpino_lc|110
T#305|3|1|30|alpino_lc|16
T#306|7|1|360|alpino_lc|378
T#307|5|1|200|alpino_lc|18
T#308|5|1|210|alpino_lc|22
T#309|4|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#310|5|1|180|alpino_lc|154
T#311|10|1|680|alpino_lc|448
T#312|10|1|190|alpino_lc|170
T#313|9|1|190|alpino_lc|69
T#314|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#315|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#316|5|1|150|alpino_lc|166
T#317|5|1|160|alpino_lc|125
T#318|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#319|7|1|220|alpino_lc|142
T#320|7|1|210|alpino_lc|95
T#321|5|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#322|6|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#323|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#324|5|1|50|alpino_lc|26
T#325|8|1|80|alpino_lc|46
T#326|5|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#327|4|1|160|alpino_lc|36
T#328|4|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#329|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#330|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
