cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2770 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 12840 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 4130 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 6680 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 3220 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 8210 msec
cputime total 23790 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 7180 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 10610 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2980 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 11780 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 9440 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 5470 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 7720 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 18440 msec
cputime total 9640 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 8460 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 8450 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 3440 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 10000 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 6440 msec
cputime total 18370 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 11080 msec
cputime total 8400 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 6140 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 10400 msec
cputime total 7310 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 10020 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 9610 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 16010 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 23710 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 6560 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 3450 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 6880 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 10490 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 17350 msec
cputime total 56160 msec
cputime total 51730 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 36330 msec
cputime total 9750 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 13620 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 9770 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 25420 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 8910 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 31290 msec
cputime total 11300 msec
cputime total 11550 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 2170 msec
cputime total 10110 msec
cputime total 24480 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 14070 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 33470 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 24240 msec
cputime total 9020 msec
cputime total 10420 msec
cputime total 7910 msec
cputime total 16770 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 5390 msec
cputime total 12350 msec
cputime total 10020 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 46050 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 281920 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 14270 msec
cputime total 2810 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 26340 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 12090 msec
cputime total 6950 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 13600 msec
cputime total 3460 msec
cputime total 7460 msec
cputime total 10070 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 183970 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 9000 msec
cputime total 21090 msec
cputime total 75190 msec
cputime total 14730 msec
cputime total 41590 msec
cputime total 24490 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 101310 msec
cputime total 16230 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 5030 msec
cputime total 6770 msec
cputime total 76700 msec
cputime total 74640 msec
cputime total 61440 msec
cputime total 6600 msec
cputime total 2240 msec
cputime total 34210 msec
cputime total 21830 msec
cputime total 7070 msec
cputime total 10480 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 31910 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 198080 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 13610 msec
cputime total 62470 msec
cputime total 10700 msec
cputime total 32710 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 3340 msec
cputime total 10850 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 27420 msec
cputime total 17070 msec
cputime total 192330 msec
cputime total 4800 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 15150 msec
cputime total 8280 msec
cputime total 32260 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 513020 msec
cputime total 42050 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 23450 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 13460 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 407030 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 51860 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 8000 msec
cputime total 43100 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 5000 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 55400 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 12890 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 15630 msec
cputime total 19290 msec
cputime total 12660 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 9440 msec
cputime total 10080 msec
cputime total 3090 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 627650 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 161890 msec
cputime total 23240 msec
cputime total 23720 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 14950 msec
cputime total 15930 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 19010 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 17780 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 18650 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 24740 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 11850 msec
cputime total 15390 msec
cputime total 34390 msec
cputime total 46630 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 12460 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 8820 msec
cputime total 20140 msec
cputime total 8100 msec
cputime total 6060 msec
cputime total 11860 msec
cputime total 3480 msec
cputime total 900230 msec
cputime total 52740 msec
cputime total 33350 msec
cputime total 141150 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 112880 msec
cputime total 11200 msec
cputime total 16550 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 8110 msec
cputime total 73460 msec
cputime total 7450 msec
cputime total 12310 msec
cputime total 12540 msec
cputime total 32370 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 26710 msec
cputime total 51290 msec
cputime total 123670 msec
cputime total 44200 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 116220 msec
cputime total 10630 msec
cputime total 19300 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 4020 msec
cputime total 9760 msec
cputime total 22800 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 32160 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 12380 msec
cputime total 16690 msec
cputime total 14930 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 42300 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 12560 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 19620 msec
cputime total 69560 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 359940 msec
cputime total 18140 msec
cputime total 900110 msec
cputime total 80600 msec
cputime total 37020 msec
cputime total 16840 msec
cputime total 65590 msec
cputime total 113750 msec
cputime total 46360 msec
cputime total 26410 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 20160 msec
cputime total 311110 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 6660 msec
cputime total 7800 msec
cputime total 57910 msec
cputime total 25970 msec
cputime total 11720 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 35410 msec
cputime total 25770 msec
cputime total 9490 msec
cputime total 899600 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 489540 msec
cputime total 8150 msec
cputime total 32840 msec
cputime total 30950 msec
cputime total 62820 msec
cputime total 217850 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 15420 msec
cputime total 159640 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 20230 msec
cputime total 33240 msec
cputime total 31350 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 20860 msec
cputime total 29690 msec
cputime total 28670 msec
cputime total 62310 msec
cputime total 33050 msec
cputime total 168970 msec
cputime total 10890 msec
cputime total 80710 msec
cputime total 27710 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 12760 msec
cputime total 458360 msec
cputime total 899290 msec
cputime total 898910 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 11190 msec
cputime total 24640 msec
cputime total 12420 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 20030 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 125140 msec
cputime total 12230 msec
cputime total 35870 msec
cputime total 316480 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 37980 msec
cputime total 197470 msec
cputime total 52130 msec
cputime total 5870 msec
cputime total 327560 msec
cputime total 22430 msec
cputime total 35780 msec
cputime total 72440 msec
cputime total 6090 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 4970 msec
cputime total 17560 msec
cputime total 44070 msec
cputime total 103330 msec
cputime total 30010 msec
cputime total 366480 msec
cputime total 16590 msec
cputime total 116720 msec
cputime total 51130 msec
cputime total 18440 msec
cputime total 17050 msec
cputime total 79960 msec
cputime total 129960 msec
cputime total 5090 msec
cputime total 14530 msec
cputime total 131490 msec
cputime total 21310 msec
cputime total 134310 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 18360 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 212980 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 14260 msec
cputime total 898790 msec
cputime total 36230 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 40170 msec
cputime total 74350 msec
cputime total 196630 msec
cputime total 37790 msec
cputime total 263190 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 13230 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 164940 msec
cputime total 99260 msec
cputime total 39210 msec
cputime total 9660 msec
cputime total 408140 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 217640 msec
cputime total 30270 msec
cputime total 28230 msec
cputime total 49690 msec
cputime total 897890 msec
cputime total 33300 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 198770 msec
cputime total 296240 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 52960 msec
cputime total 42530 msec
cputime total 299220 msec
cputime total 9350 msec
cputime total 16950 msec
cputime total 52400 msec
cputime total 22740 msec
cputime total 16780 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 624490 msec
cputime total 5450 msec
cputime total 900190 msec
cputime total 314910 msec
cputime total 11440 msec
cputime total 160970 msec
cputime total 23750 msec
cputime total 73770 msec
cputime total 26580 msec
cputime total 147180 msec
cputime total 2620 msec
cputime total 8180 msec
cputime total 51810 msec
cputime total 900300 msec
cputime total 11070 msec
cputime total 14710 msec
cputime total 6020 msec
cputime total 14060 msec
cputime total 259290 msec
cputime total 204260 msec
cputime total 191780 msec
cputime total 327680 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 83730 msec
cputime total 6730 msec
cputime total 106270 msec
cputime total 49160 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 314370 msec
cputime total 8860 msec
cputime total 226070 msec
cputime total 22070 msec
cputime total 376650 msec
cputime total 16720 msec
cputime total 34960 msec
cputime total 37990 msec
cputime total 5240 msec
cputime total 897750 msec
cputime total 5550 msec
cputime total 215810 msec
cputime total 19720 msec
cputime total 60530 msec
cputime total 381890 msec
cputime total 443950 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 216930 msec
cputime total 156100 msec
cputime total 26470 msec
cputime total 41280 msec
cputime total 95950 msec
cputime total 23940 msec
cputime total 14580 msec
cputime total 98400 msec
cputime total 47370 msec
cputime total 107510 msec
cputime total 36620 msec
cputime total 99020 msec
cputime total 658310 msec
cputime total 20720 msec
cputime total 9840 msec
cputime total 77930 msec
cputime total 334290 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 722530 msec
cputime total 39250 msec
cputime total 897530 msec
cputime total 64000 msec
cputime total 9560 msec
cputime total 31550 msec
cputime total 11820 msec
cputime total 51130 msec
cputime total 26120 msec
cputime total 12370 msec
cputime total 59420 msec
cputime total 19960 msec
cputime total 31540 msec
cputime total 69570 msec
cputime total 403350 msec
cputime total 17480 msec
cputime total 58510 msec
cputime total 900170 msec
cputime total 165710 msec
cputime total 41110 msec
cputime total 19410 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 882920 msec
cputime total 46160 msec
cputime total 24050 msec
cputime total 16250 msec
cputime total 249860 msec
cputime total 591720 msec
cputime total 15830 msec
cputime total 137360 msec
cputime total 900640 msec
cputime total 6470 msec
cputime total 531980 msec
cputime total 17710 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 43220 msec
cputime total 68380 msec
cputime total 246970 msec
cputime total 898600 msec
cputime total 9230 msec
cputime total 15160 msec
cputime total 5810 msec
cputime total 4150 msec
cputime total 900180 msec
cputime total 569880 msec
cputime total 135590 msec
cputime total 12700 msec
cputime total 105090 msec
cputime total 35240 msec
cputime total 11060 msec
cputime total 14180 msec
cputime total 900610 msec
cputime total 14180 msec
cputime total 151550 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 53000 msec
cputime total 137150 msec
cputime total 15640 msec
cputime total 12910 msec
cputime total 30130 msec
cputime total 21100 msec
cputime total 49620 msec
cputime total 93310 msec
cputime total 900390 msec
cputime total 92510 msec
cputime total 898750 msec
cputime total 13280 msec
cputime total 140420 msec
cputime total 570130 msec
cputime total 900490 msec
cputime total 23670 msec
cputime total 8580 msec
cputime total 17270 msec
cputime total 646430 msec
cputime total 418470 msec
cputime total 10880 msec
cputime total 900450 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 195030 msec
cputime total 125420 msec
cputime total 99710 msec
cputime total 229200 msec
cputime total 900530 msec
cputime total 617750 msec
cputime total 52960 msec
cputime total 21940 msec
cputime total 501770 msec
cputime total 18740 msec
cputime total 900210 msec
cputime total 27450 msec
cputime total 628220 msec
cputime total 67320 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 693180 msec
cputime total 33120 msec
cputime total 80670 msec
cputime total 79050 msec
cputime total 129810 msec
cputime total 55130 msec
cputime total 897970 msec
cputime total 15410 msec
cputime total 897380 msec
cputime total 10340 msec
cputime total 57150 msec
cputime total 21340 msec
cputime total 537550 msec
cputime total 22130 msec
cputime total 8230 msec
cputime total 42200 msec
cputime total 92370 msec
cputime total 27020 msec
cputime total 38140 msec
cputime total 223610 msec
cputime total 32640 msec
cputime total 900490 msec
cputime total 8120 msec
cputime total 130060 msec
cputime total 34580 msec
cputime total 53720 msec
cputime total 122470 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 156090 msec
cputime total 72310 msec
cputime total 148550 msec
cputime total 900190 msec
cputime total 388930 msec
cputime total 109830 msec
cputime total 278380 msec
cputime total 739620 msec
cputime total 58110 msec
cputime total 14050 msec
cputime total 40860 msec
cputime total 119140 msec
cputime total 56670 msec
cputime total 23160 msec
cputime total 901180 msec
cputime total 63340 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 897120 msec
cputime total 138040 msec
cputime total 96680 msec
cputime total 45870 msec
cputime total 900380 msec
cputime total 53670 msec
cputime total 40900 msec
cputime total 75730 msec
cputime total 106290 msec
cputime total 40800 msec
cputime total 300610 msec
cputime total 34890 msec
cputime total 3750 msec
cputime total 421910 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 63510 msec
cputime total 271530 msec
cputime total 13870 msec
cputime total 25000 msec
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|1|2|30|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|1|4|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|2|2|20|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|2|2|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|2|3|30|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|2|3|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|2|3|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|2|2|10|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|3|4|60|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|3|2|20|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.44.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.45.s.1|3|8|40|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|3|12|60|alpino_lc|12
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|4|60|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|12|70|alpino_lc|12
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|3|2|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|3|4|70|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|3|12|70|alpino_lc|12
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|3|4|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|3|3|30|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|3|7|40|alpino_lc|10
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|3|8|40|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|4|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|4|50|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|4|50|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|8|60|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|3|3|20|alpino_lc|5
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|3|5|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|4|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|3|7|40|alpino_lc|10
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|3|6|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|3|3|30|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|3|3|30|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|3|4|50|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|3|4|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|3|7|30|alpino_lc|10
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|3|8|40|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|3|4|40|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|3|4|30|alpino_lc|6
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|3|2|30|alpino_lc|7
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.41.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|3|8|50|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|3|8|40|alpino_lc|9
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|4|3|90|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|4|2|30|alpino_lc|8
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|6|100|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|4|3|40|alpino_lc|4
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|4|9|90|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|4|110|alpino_lc|19
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|4|5|80|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|4|2|140|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|4|2|60|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|5|2|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|5|2|100|alpino_lc|23
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|5|2|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|22|200|alpino_lc|73
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|3|200|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|17|530|alpino_lc|129
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|5|2|80|alpino_lc|18
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|5|4|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|5|6|170|alpino_lc|41
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|5|6|170|alpino_lc|77
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|5|2|160|alpino_lc|60
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|5|4|110|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|5|3|140|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|5|3|230|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|5|20|220|alpino_lc|126
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|5|4|30|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|2|100|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|5|4|110|alpino_lc|22
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|5|12|120|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|5|2|190|alpino_lc|37
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.9|5|3|210|alpino_lc|51
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|5|2|140|alpino_lc|25
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|5|1|230|alpino_lc|64
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|5|2|60|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|5|2|60|alpino_lc|15
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|5|4|130|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|5|8|200|alpino_lc|52
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|5|14|260|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|5|14|250|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|5|2|150|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|6|22|410|alpino_lc|154
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|6|1|300|alpino_lc|76
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|5|110|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|6|18|420|alpino_lc|143
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|6|11|190|alpino_lc|91
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|6|3|300|alpino_lc|108
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|6|5|140|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|19|370|alpino_lc|158
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|2|90|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|5|100|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|5|100|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|6|7|570|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|9|190|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|29|410|alpino_lc|49
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|21|460|alpino_lc|66
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|6|110|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|6|2|110|alpino_lc|25
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|6|22|340|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|8|120|alpino_lc|24
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|6|17|530|alpino_lc|325
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|6|2|50|alpino_lc|17
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|6|10|320|alpino_lc|77
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|6|5|110|alpino_lc|63
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|5|110|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|6|6|180|alpino_lc|51
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|6|120|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|6|10|230|alpino_lc|100
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|6|3|110|alpino_lc|55
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|6|4|190|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|5|100|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|6|21|410|alpino_lc|164
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|6|110|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|6|2|230|alpino_lc|51
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|6|12|220|alpino_lc|76
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|9|170|alpino_lc|29
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|6|4|120|alpino_lc|88
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|6|4|60|alpino_lc|13
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|6|2|110|alpino_lc|72
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|6|5|110|alpino_lc|20
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|7|3|680|alpino_lc|194
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|7|8|460|alpino_lc|375
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|7|12|520|alpino_lc|423
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|7|147|1580|alpino_lc|917
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|7|12|1140|alpino_lc|667
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|7|5|230|alpino_lc|84
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|7|14|280|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|7|10|270|alpino_lc|111
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|7|8|250|alpino_lc|122
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|7|11|490|alpino_lc|151
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|7|1|270|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|7|2|180|alpino_lc|79
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|7|6|460|alpino_lc|147
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|7|5|260|alpino_lc|109
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.4|7|1|340|alpino_lc|65
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|7|8|300|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|7|8|450|alpino_lc|104
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|7|4|180|alpino_lc|67
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|7|4|170|alpino_lc|123
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|7|2|540|alpino_lc|201
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|7|3|110|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.6|7|4|120|alpino_lc|62
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|7|10|720|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.6|8|109|1220|alpino_lc|321
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.8|8|25|700|alpino_lc|365
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.8|8|39|1780|alpino_lc|625
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.4|8|4|370|alpino_lc|84
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.5|8|16|610|alpino_lc|415
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.2|8|32|730|alpino_lc|254
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|8|14|240|alpino_lc|46
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|9|580|alpino_lc|188
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|8|9|290|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|8|6|510|alpino_lc|115
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|8|24|1480|alpino_lc|439
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|8|48|1120|alpino_lc|396
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|8|6|80|alpino_lc|26
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|8|5|540|alpino_lc|299
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|8|28|430|alpino_lc|144
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|8|17|310|alpino_lc|143
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|8|10|610|alpino_lc|312
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|8|4|340|alpino_lc|121
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|8|4|130|alpino_lc|61
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|8|6|740|alpino_lc|422
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|8|27|460|alpino_lc|105
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|8|2|530|alpino_lc|131
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|8|7|570|alpino_lc|547
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.5|8|2|210|alpino_lc|127
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.4|8|14|270|alpino_lc|72
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|8|8|380|alpino_lc|200
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|8|34|650|alpino_lc|341
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|8|2|1320|alpino_lc|423
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|8|1|160|alpino_lc|62
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|8|4|200|alpino_lc|57
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|8|2|170|alpino_lc|100
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|8|1|250|alpino_lc|43
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|2|160|alpino_lc|48
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|8|11|370|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|8|162|2170|alpino_lc|1143
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|8|7|400|alpino_lc|214
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|8|10|500|alpino_lc|238
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|8|107|1070|alpino_lc|246
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|8|31|420|alpino_lc|151
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|8|5|160|alpino_lc|87
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|6|220|alpino_lc|61
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|8|3|300|alpino_lc|225
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|8|15|420|alpino_lc|90
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|8|16|1340|alpino_lc|827
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|8|38|530|alpino_lc|95
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|8|11|390|alpino_lc|159
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|8|37|2770|alpino_lc|1536
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|9|202|2790|alpino_lc|394
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|9|27|1880|alpino_lc|588
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|9|28|1140|alpino_lc|488
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|9|2|380|alpino_lc|321
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.7|9|131|1710|alpino_lc|483
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.2|9|2|660|alpino_lc|136
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.3|9|4|570|alpino_lc|168
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|168|3460|alpino_lc|960
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|9|15|540|alpino_lc|219
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|9|3|500|alpino_lc|194
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|9|66|2460|alpino_lc|906
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|34
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|9|2|190|alpino_lc|62
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|9|10|560|alpino_lc|245
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.7|9|10|1750|alpino_lc|312
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|9|191|2100|alpino_lc|1152
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|9|20|1350|alpino_lc|1126
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|9|17|370|alpino_lc|278
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|9|18|210|alpino_lc|159
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|9|14|1620|alpino_lc|163
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|9|2|170|alpino_lc|33
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|9|12|490|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|9|12|370|alpino_lc|180
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|9|6|1230|alpino_lc|390
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.6|9|8|460|alpino_lc|207
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|9|7|1060|alpino_lc|616
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|9|16|490|alpino_lc|364
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|9|2|120|alpino_lc|28
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|9|23|730|alpino_lc|516
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|9|24|1110|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|9|11|220|alpino_lc|97
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|9|8|490|alpino_lc|203
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.3|9|20|1020|alpino_lc|357
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|9|8|1830|alpino_lc|756
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|9|50|470|alpino_lc|176
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|9|28|570|alpino_lc|310
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|9|5|840|alpino_lc|221
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|9|2|840|alpino_lc|199
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|9|36|4860|alpino_lc|692
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.2.s.1|9|9|240|alpino_lc|58
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|10|241|4260|alpino_lc|3549
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|10|51|870|alpino_lc|526
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|10|80|580|alpino_lc|84
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.6|10|222|4790|alpino_lc|915
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|10|19|1900|alpino_lc|481
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.5|10|160|2780|alpino_lc|573
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.5|10|4|280|alpino_lc|172
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|33|1150|alpino_lc|678
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|10|42|1400|alpino_lc|345
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|10|6|450|alpino_lc|220
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|10|13|600|alpino_lc|275
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.5|10|21|820|alpino_lc|330
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|10|72|1570|alpino_lc|866
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|10|10|510|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.5|10|18|310|alpino_lc|193
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|10|37|2930|alpino_lc|928
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|10|10|520|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|8|440|alpino_lc|216
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|68|12840|alpino_lc|1013
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|10|43|2100|alpino_lc|404
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|10|116|1340|alpino_lc|338
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|10|10|2340|alpino_lc|2075
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|10|2|250|alpino_lc|62
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|10|10|330|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|10|4|370|alpino_lc|232
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|10|66|2830|alpino_lc|1228
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|10|26|930|alpino_lc|793
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|10|51|5690|alpino_lc|841
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|10|30|1780|alpino_lc|627
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|10|24|870|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|10|14|1440|alpino_lc|275
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|10|6|180|alpino_lc|53
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|10|8|830|alpino_lc|136
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.4|10|94|4130|alpino_lc|1316
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|10|10|620|alpino_lc|157
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|10|17|470|alpino_lc|270
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|10|10|700|alpino_lc|145
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|10|21|1090|alpino_lc|279
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|10|68|5220|alpino_lc|1420
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|92|1100|alpino_lc|447
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|60|1170|alpino_lc|598
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|10|3|470|alpino_lc|198
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|10|20|1100|alpino_lc|390
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|10|20|840|alpino_lc|455
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|10|127|1860|alpino_lc|594
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|10|19|1590|alpino_lc|442
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|8|2660|alpino_lc|948
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|10|4|1660|alpino_lc|659
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.8|10|2|270|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|10|18|840|alpino_lc|329
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|10|20|4280|alpino_lc|1650
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|10|8|640|alpino_lc|412
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|10|665|8280|alpino_lc|1979
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|8|410|alpino_lc|137
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|10|42|4070|alpino_lc|924
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|10|1|1060|alpino_lc|186
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|10|32|1330|alpino_lc|554
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.6|10|6|830|alpino_lc|409
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|10|4|280|alpino_lc|388
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|10|4|240|alpino_lc|96
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|10|44|920|alpino_lc|233
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|10|25|1830|alpino_lc|726
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|10|12|730|alpino_lc|204
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|10|3|160|alpino_lc|81
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|10|12|1270|alpino_lc|280
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|10|1|340|alpino_lc|194
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|11|36|290|alpino_lc|65
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|11|42|4840|alpino_lc|2249
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|11|4|510|alpino_lc|224
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|11|10|670|alpino_lc|299
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|11|32|600|alpino_lc|364
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|11|34|1400|alpino_lc|648
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|11|12|940|alpino_lc|196
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.11|11|48|1450|alpino_lc|571
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|11|60|2410|alpino_lc|474
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|11|113|2920|alpino_lc|1040
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|11|41|2520|alpino_lc|884
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|11|5|300|alpino_lc|264
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|11|12|810|alpino_lc|242
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|11|12|260|alpino_lc|128
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|11|6|930|alpino_lc|495
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|11|24|2950|alpino_lc|1513
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|11|18|780|alpino_lc|544
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|11|14|1420|alpino_lc|344
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|11|114|1210|alpino_lc|406
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|11|11|590|alpino_lc|505
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|11|64|4610|alpino_lc|1157
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|11|294|6680|alpino_lc|1542
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|11|22|3200|alpino_lc|1355
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|11|20|1630|alpino_lc|454
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|11|26|3220|alpino_lc|1198
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|11|164|4020|alpino_lc|1479
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|11|412|6630|alpino_lc|1600
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|64|870|alpino_lc|301
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|11|23|3330|alpino_lc|807
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|11|176|8210|alpino_lc|2717
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|11|1463|23790|alpino_lc|3797
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|11|2|190|alpino_lc|53
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|11|36|3090|alpino_lc|821
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|4|170|alpino_lc|65
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|11|57|7180|alpino_lc|1772
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|11|12|1490|alpino_lc|1008
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|11|85|3950|alpino_lc|1130
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|11|306|4850|alpino_lc|870
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|11|165|1830|alpino_lc|1770
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|11|8|630|alpino_lc|246
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|11|16|430|alpino_lc|156
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|11|12|2410|alpino_lc|412
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|11|5|2860|alpino_lc|645
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|11|22|3520|alpino_lc|490
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|11|12|400|alpino_lc|190
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|11|77|1790|alpino_lc|866
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|11|80|1480|alpino_lc|445
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|11|140|2250|alpino_lc|990
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|11|34|830|alpino_lc|339
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|12|4|1700|alpino_lc|328
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.5|12|156|2570|alpino_lc|2459
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|12|208|3670|alpino_lc|790
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|12|39|1480|alpino_lc|1236
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.3|12|4|290|alpino_lc|117
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.4|12|178|3570|alpino_lc|2850
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.3|12|12|710|alpino_lc|124
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.4|12|48|10610|alpino_lc|2277
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.2|12|12|1570|alpino_lc|731
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.42.s.1|12|156|5530|alpino_lc|1992
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.48.s.1|12|36|1110|alpino_lc|554
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|12|4|480|alpino_lc|190
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|12|57|1270|alpino_lc|479
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|24|830|alpino_lc|132
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|12|4|780|alpino_lc|489
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|12|4|1280|alpino_lc|431
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|12|89|2790|alpino_lc|860
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|20|660|alpino_lc|380
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|12|6|260|alpino_lc|103
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|12|1|220|alpino_lc|109
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|12|88|2980|alpino_lc|2621
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|12|8|730|alpino_lc|277
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|12|1538|11780|alpino_lc|2654
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|60|2930|alpino_lc|1417
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|12|15|4200|alpino_lc|621
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|12|194|980|alpino_lc|185
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|12|3|670|alpino_lc|262
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|12|84|3050|alpino_lc|763
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|12|14|2480|alpino_lc|885
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|12|11|1850|alpino_lc|701
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|12|4|720|alpino_lc|503
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|12|70|2210|alpino_lc|688
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.9|12|8|1080|alpino_lc|579
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|8|190|alpino_lc|56
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|12|1777|9440|alpino_lc|1135
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|12|106|1810|alpino_lc|412
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|12|48|950|alpino_lc|255
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.5|12|502|5780|alpino_lc|1033
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|12|8|750|alpino_lc|723
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|12|28|2480|alpino_lc|733
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.40.s.1|12|138|5470|alpino_lc|1696
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|12|16|2310|alpino_lc|2033
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.7|12|19|11580|alpino_lc|895
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|12|104|2660|alpino_lc|1028
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.5|12|20|2210|alpino_lc|1591
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|12|530|7720|alpino_lc|1673
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|12|34|1470|alpino_lc|997
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.6|12|4|620|alpino_lc|258
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|12|43|530|alpino_lc|86
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|12|17|750|alpino_lc|521
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|2|550|alpino_lc|373
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|12|9|1140|alpino_lc|587
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|12|20|3200|alpino_lc|589
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|12|603|5940|alpino_lc|728
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|12|10|350|alpino_lc|201
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|12|6|250|alpino_lc|88
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|12|1563|18440|alpino_lc|3973
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|12|580|9640|alpino_lc|985
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|12|20|450|alpino_lc|314
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|12|51|3780|alpino_lc|806
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|12|20|1980|alpino_lc|1060
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|12|77|2240|alpino_lc|1077
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|12|32|940|alpino_lc|298
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|12|1880|8460|alpino_lc|1116
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|12|75|1270|alpino_lc|602
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|12|6|310|alpino_lc|139
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.39.s.3|12|69|2690|alpino_lc|1700
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|13|96|1180|alpino_lc|623
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|13|118|1110|alpino_lc|404
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.7|13|57|1510|alpino_lc|538
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|13|57|1700|alpino_lc|1464
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|130|1970|alpino_lc|823
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.5|13|708|8450|alpino_lc|1743
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.10|13|54|2390|alpino_lc|1135
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.3|13|42|1920|alpino_lc|661
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.1|13|228|3440|alpino_lc|694
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.50.s.1|13|120|1210|alpino_lc|699
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.3.s.2|13|788|10000|alpino_lc|3227
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|13|834|5200|alpino_lc|2044
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|13|1690|6440|alpino_lc|2233
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|13|4019|18370|alpino_lc|3510
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|13|19|1690|alpino_lc|556
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|13|34|11080|alpino_lc|1857
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|13|330|8400|alpino_lc|3334
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|13|203|2060|alpino_lc|815
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|13|5|1670|alpino_lc|643
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|8|3100|alpino_lc|349
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|13|8|6140|alpino_lc|1244
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|13|17|410|alpino_lc|186
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|13|4|790|alpino_lc|295
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|13|483|10400|alpino_lc|1446
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|13|307|7310|alpino_lc|2233
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|13|24|1370|alpino_lc|509
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|13|76|1600|alpino_lc|597
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.5|13|12|6930|alpino_lc|1526
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|13|26|1200|alpino_lc|979
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|13|3|210|alpino_lc|179
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.7|13|101|3090|alpino_lc|1862
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|13|3|350|alpino_lc|194
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|13|94|2220|alpino_lc|1038
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|13|22|1650|alpino_lc|1047
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.1.s.1|13|151|2170|alpino_lc|509
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|13|102|10020|alpino_lc|1908
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.4|13|24|2640|alpino_lc|1112
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|13|96|2380|alpino_lc|962
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|13|42|2710|alpino_lc|1390
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|13|32|710|alpino_lc|135
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|13|76|1260|alpino_lc|779
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|13|12|460|alpino_lc|341
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|13|40|4890|alpino_lc|1710
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|13|15|1780|alpino_lc|636
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|13|16|810|alpino_lc|260
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|13|148|9610|alpino_lc|2990
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|13|38|1150|alpino_lc|542
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|13|2|290|alpino_lc|122
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|13|224|4610|alpino_lc|1361
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|13|22|6160|alpino_lc|1464
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.19.s.5|13|12|710|alpino_lc|161
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.7|13|413|16010|alpino_lc|9383
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|13|241|1820|alpino_lc|746
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|13|276|3590|alpino_lc|2037
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|13|17|1800|alpino_lc|1484
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|14|1108|6450|alpino_lc|2193
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|14|86|2680|alpino_lc|903
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|14|13|1050|alpino_lc|505
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|14|43|23710|alpino_lc|1284
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|14|60|1810|alpino_lc|655
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|14|11|2410|alpino_lc|531
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.6|14|291|6560|alpino_lc|1675
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|14|104|6790|alpino_lc|2202
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.38.s.2|14|15|3450|alpino_lc|966
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.1|14|190|2890|alpino_lc|1458
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.2|14|344|4720|alpino_lc|892
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.4|14|200|1470|alpino_lc|491
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|126|2040|alpino_lc|1518
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|14|28|1570|alpino_lc|1279
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|14|69|5630|alpino_lc|1600
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|14|80|4570|alpino_lc|1240
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|14|96|6260|alpino_lc|2512
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|56|4310|alpino_lc|1116
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|14|2|570|alpino_lc|236
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.4|14|72|2230|alpino_lc|1120
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|14|505|6880|alpino_lc|1178
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|14|68|1770|alpino_lc|877
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|14|782|10490|alpino_lc|4688
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|14|51|3590|alpino_lc|626
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|14|2056|17350|alpino_lc|7083
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|14|6298|56160|alpino_lc|5452
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|14|1418|51730|alpino_lc|2212
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|14|300|3140|alpino_lc|512
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|14|66|850|alpino_lc|439
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|7|1630|alpino_lc|862
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.8|14|34|5250|alpino_lc|1235
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|14|381|2970|alpino_lc|819
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|14|75|2300|alpino_lc|1259
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|14|8|1660|alpino_lc|561
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|14|116|36330|alpino_lc|2129
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|14|616|9750|alpino_lc|1226
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|40|2520|alpino_lc|614
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.6|14|329|13620|alpino_lc|2320
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|14|71|2420|alpino_lc|933
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|14|462|4630|alpino_lc|1169
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|14|64|1340|alpino_lc|812
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|14|308|9770|alpino_lc|2145
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|14|132|3560|alpino_lc|1156
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|14|134|1870|alpino_lc|859
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|14|6|1950|alpino_lc|1667
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|14|34|2340|alpino_lc|762
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|14|20|3100|alpino_lc|1543
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|14|6|1250|alpino_lc|350
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.36.s.2|14|692|25420|alpino_lc|11200
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|15|152|1650|alpino_lc|650
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|15|1032|8910|alpino_lc|2420
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|15|30|2040|alpino_lc|1092
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|15|39|4440|alpino_lc|763
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|15|243|4710|alpino_lc|1214
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|15|210|31290|alpino_lc|17519
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.4|15|84|11300|alpino_lc|1507
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|15|2198|11550|alpino_lc|1475
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.41.s.1|15|301|3090|alpino_lc|736
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|15|84|2170|alpino_lc|668
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|15|111|10110|alpino_lc|2690
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|15|1409|24480|alpino_lc|4086
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|15|131|3290|alpino_lc|911
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|15|204|7090|alpino_lc|3326
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|15|239|5860|alpino_lc|3753
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|15|811|14070|alpino_lc|2777
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|15|128|2430|alpino_lc|1104
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|15|5195|33470|alpino_lc|3545
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|15|78|1840|alpino_lc|547
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|15|1375|24240|alpino_lc|12169
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.1|15|1963|9020|alpino_lc|1627
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|15|138|10420|alpino_lc|13572
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|15|170|7910|alpino_lc|1607
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|15|1000|16770|alpino_lc|3203
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|15|60|1880|alpino_lc|914
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|15|17|2530|alpino_lc|958
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.5|15|255|5390|alpino_lc|1836
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|15|630|12350|alpino_lc|2981
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|15|818|10020|alpino_lc|2829
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|15|233|4820|alpino_lc|1180
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|15|48|1960|alpino_lc|532
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|15|8835|46050|alpino_lc|10836
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.6|15|272|5510|alpino_lc|3841
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|15|1090|12070|alpino_lc|2394
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|15|58|4020|alpino_lc|763
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|15|168|6820|alpino_lc|925
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|15|35662|281920|alpino_lc|20828
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.2|15|353|5960|alpino_lc|1506
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.5|15|30|14270|alpino_lc|1876
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|15|16|2810|alpino_lc|997
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|15|100|5210|alpino_lc|1621
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|15|120|1930|alpino_lc|1736
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|15|132|26340|alpino_lc|2778
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|15|116|4820|alpino_lc|2363
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|15|4|1050|alpino_lc|366
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|15|1644|12090|alpino_lc|1329
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|15|255|6950|alpino_lc|2719
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|15|116|5500|alpino_lc|780
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|15|11|1470|alpino_lc|475
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|15|93|13600|alpino_lc|3673
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|15|76|3460|alpino_lc|1195
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.6|15|125|7460|alpino_lc|5268
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|15|50|10070|alpino_lc|859
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|15|122|6980|alpino_lc|4706
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|15|295|183970|alpino_lc|2183
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.39.s.1|15|21|4230|alpino_lc|1645
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|16|237|9000|alpino_lc|3467
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|16|111|21090|alpino_lc|2538
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.8|16|5041|75190|alpino_lc|20692
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.3|16|158|14730|alpino_lc|2746
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.48.s.2|16|676|41590|alpino_lc|18886
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|16|1357|24490|alpino_lc|10645
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|16|48|1050|alpino_lc|665
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|16|11|1620|alpino_lc|1583
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.4|16|15550|101310|alpino_lc|12655
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.5|16|288|16230|alpino_lc|2278
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|16|274|2690|alpino_lc|1950
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.6|16|88|7380|alpino_lc|788
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|16|1150|5030|alpino_lc|640
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|16|656|6770|alpino_lc|1452
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|16|7340|76700|alpino_lc|20699
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|16|14200|74640|alpino_lc|46457
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.3|16|5889|61440|alpino_lc|16635
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|16|190|6600|alpino_lc|1449
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|16|148|2240|alpino_lc|1058
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|16|6739|34210|alpino_lc|9436
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.5|16|612|21830|alpino_lc|4048
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|16|250|7070|alpino_lc|2680
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|16|1620|10480|alpino_lc|5149
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|16|70|1980|alpino_lc|538
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|16|87|2350|alpino_lc|498
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.10.s.3|16|996|31910|alpino_lc|17258
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|16|252|1410|alpino_lc|216
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|16|1929|198080|alpino_lc|6883
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|16|84|1540|alpino_lc|653
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|16|549|13610|alpino_lc|2171
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.10|16|6904|62470|alpino_lc|8066
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|16|6|10700|alpino_lc|1628
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|16|10448|32710|alpino_lc|1757
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|16|102|1850|alpino_lc|1040
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|16|82|3340|alpino_lc|1754
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|16|294|10850|alpino_lc|5779
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.7|16|160|1100|alpino_lc|342
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.8|16|80|3230|alpino_lc|518
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|16|698|27420|alpino_lc|6321
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|16|1752|17070|alpino_lc|8035
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|16|2322|192330|alpino_lc|19272
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|16|118|4800|alpino_lc|1039
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|16|20|2670|alpino_lc|734
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|16|135|1370|alpino_lc|614
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|16|84|4480|alpino_lc|1785
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|16|21|1210|alpino_lc|525
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|16|35|770|alpino_lc|441
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|17|653|15150|alpino_lc|4098
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|17|42|8280|alpino_lc|1223
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|17|3772|32260|alpino_lc|4270
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.13.s.4|17|170|6010|alpino_lc|2868
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|17|73581|513020|alpino_lc|29526
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|17|4594|42050|alpino_lc|13472
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|17|108|2950|alpino_lc|581
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.43.s.1|17|1555|23450|alpino_lc|6756
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.47.s.3|17|147|5710|alpino_lc|612
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|17|4564|13460|alpino_lc|1226
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|17|35|1120|alpino_lc|917
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|17|12|1570|alpino_lc|705
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|17|9289|407030|alpino_lc|20035
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|17|28|1280|alpino_lc|988
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|17|4536|51860|alpino_lc|26112
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|17|3|4460|alpino_lc|574
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|17|436|8000|alpino_lc|1532
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|17|3795|43100|alpino_lc|6697
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|17|102|3060|alpino_lc|2136
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|17|86|1900|alpino_lc|780
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|17|32|1680|alpino_lc|257
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|17|646|5000|alpino_lc|512
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|17|30|7850|alpino_lc|2603
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|17|628|8160|alpino_lc|2370
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|17|88|2290|alpino_lc|385
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|17|1286|55400|alpino_lc|5641
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|17|804|9270|alpino_lc|3768
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|17|2754|12890|alpino_lc|2395
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|17|6|1140|alpino_lc|872
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|17|1483|15630|alpino_lc|750
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|17|1104|19290|alpino_lc|2610
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|17|1092|12660|alpino_lc|2168
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|17|176|1450|alpino_lc|544
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|17|347|9440|alpino_lc|2846
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.35.s.2|17|264|10080|alpino_lc|3113
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|17|24|3090|alpino_lc|1007
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|17|240|3250|alpino_lc|1249
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|17|125050|627650|alpino_lc|24013
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|17|226|4410|alpino_lc|2244
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.3|17|193|4410|alpino_lc|1632
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|17|4783|161890|alpino_lc|75103
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|17|3009|23240|alpino_lc|5869
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.6|17|5600|23720|alpino_lc|4139
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.6|17|16|2100|alpino_lc|1186
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|17|688|14950|alpino_lc|5145
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|17|24|15930|alpino_lc|2091
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|17|87|2370|alpino_lc|2359
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.6|17|39|5510|alpino_lc|3462
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.7|17|36|19010|alpino_lc|1406
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|17|396|2720|alpino_lc|940
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|17|168|1480|alpino_lc|782
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|17|372|17780|alpino_lc|9665
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|17|143|2860|alpino_lc|1258
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|17|2572|18650|alpino_lc|2616
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.7|17|116|6010|alpino_lc|803
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|17|910|6470|alpino_lc|1676
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|17|120|2850|alpino_lc|953
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|17|23|3500|alpino_lc|1513
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|17|1132|24740|alpino_lc|4750
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|17|645|9270|alpino_lc|2217
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.3|17|20|1980|alpino_lc|2315
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|17|248|5220|alpino_lc|3285
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|17|636|5920|alpino_lc|1802
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.6|17|24|3950|alpino_lc|3211
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|17|224|5890|alpino_lc|2627
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|17|572|11850|alpino_lc|6461
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|17|1455|15390|alpino_lc|3228
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|17|603|34390|alpino_lc|10979
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|17|1224|46630|alpino_lc|10787
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|17|108|4480|alpino_lc|604
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|17|64|2590|alpino_lc|1134
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|18|336|2320|alpino_lc|1207
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|18|196|2140|alpino_lc|1564
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.7|18|138|12460|alpino_lc|1859
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.4|18|216|12020|alpino_lc|4453
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|18|122|2370|alpino_lc|1355
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.4|18|208|8820|alpino_lc|2851
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|18|646|20140|alpino_lc|2982
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|18|588|8100|alpino_lc|2941
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|18|456|6060|alpino_lc|2012
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|18|1350|11860|alpino_lc|1824
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|18|1128|3480|alpino_lc|739
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|18|time_out|900230|alpino_lc|38133
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|18|9539|52740|alpino_lc|2367
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|18|1818|33350|alpino_lc|3004
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|18|12057|141150|alpino_lc|23297
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|18|880|4290|alpino_lc|960
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|18|13506|112880|alpino_lc|53028
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|18|560|11200|alpino_lc|5449
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|18|246|16550|alpino_lc|9821
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.5|18|50|2580|alpino_lc|805
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|18|106|6670|alpino_lc|1263
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|18|1589|8110|alpino_lc|1017
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|18|14367|73460|alpino_lc|2221
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.3|18|864|7450|alpino_lc|2679
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|18|836|12310|alpino_lc|2509
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|18|1668|12540|alpino_lc|3880
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|18|10618|32370|alpino_lc|1249
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|18|249|6580|alpino_lc|2681
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|18|62|26710|alpino_lc|10018
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|3999|51290|alpino_lc|4592
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|18|10222|123670|alpino_lc|21005
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|18|336|44200|alpino_lc|6414
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.6|18|60|2560|alpino_lc|997
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|18|7118|116220|alpino_lc|14612
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|18|408|10630|alpino_lc|3090
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.40.s.2|18|1705|19300|alpino_lc|3697
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|18|172|1440|alpino_lc|690
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|18|2|2410|alpino_lc|759
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|18|244|4020|alpino_lc|1012
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|18|1334|9760|alpino_lc|3303
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|766|22800|alpino_lc|2123
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|18|301|8010|alpino_lc|5642
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|18|2366|32160|alpino_lc|6266
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|18|104|1610|alpino_lc|1315
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|18|456|12380|alpino_lc|4118
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|18|720|16690|alpino_lc|1798
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|2210|14930|alpino_lc|3933
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|18|430|2590|alpino_lc|467
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|18|432|42300|alpino_lc|6406
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|18|196|5530|alpino_lc|2836
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|18|890|12560|alpino_lc|4227
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|18|196|5820|alpino_lc|1522
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|18|12|1890|alpino_lc|662
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|18|60|3770|alpino_lc|1078
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|18|3285|19620|alpino_lc|1997
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|19|11290|69560|alpino_lc|38459
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|19|210|5370|alpino_lc|3535
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|23138|359940|alpino_lc|101870
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|19|716|18140|alpino_lc|4794
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|19|time_out|900110|alpino_lc|242997
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|19|3694|80600|alpino_lc|15648
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|19|4386|37020|alpino_lc|6686
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|19|1588|16840|alpino_lc|5733
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|19|6000|65590|alpino_lc|10791
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.6|19|8954|113750|alpino_lc|10159
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|19|1763|46360|alpino_lc|9503
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|19|3159|26410|alpino_lc|11394
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|19|499|6930|alpino_lc|1198
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|19|912|20160|alpino_lc|8353
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|19|56202|311110|alpino_lc|15917
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.5|19|1295|9280|alpino_lc|2614
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|19|1800|6660|alpino_lc|1383
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.5.s.4|19|660|7800|alpino_lc|5203
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.6|19|4565|57910|alpino_lc|5918
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|19|3611|25970|alpino_lc|5555
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|19|528|11720|alpino_lc|8993
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|19|96|6850|alpino_lc|3726
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|19|442|35410|alpino_lc|24683
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|19|1394|25770|alpino_lc|8108
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|19|209|9490|alpino_lc|6987
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|19|time_out|899600|alpino_lc|104889
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|19|42|5880|alpino_lc|4008
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.6|19|72|2300|alpino_lc|683
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.7|19|30|2790|alpino_lc|651
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|19|149229|489540|alpino_lc|2293
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.30.s.3|19|88|8150|alpino_lc|1244
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|3472|32840|alpino_lc|4979
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|19|1398|30950|alpino_lc|8413
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|19|631|62820|alpino_lc|9932
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|19|36446|217850|alpino_lc|11580
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.32.s.2|19|468|6170|alpino_lc|1778
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|19|1102|15420|alpino_lc|1276
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|19|15928|159640|alpino_lc|35645
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|19|120|4320|alpino_lc|1562
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|19|5990|20230|alpino_lc|5220
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|19|5664|33240|alpino_lc|10152
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|19|840|31350|alpino_lc|1517
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|19|168|4170|alpino_lc|3653
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|19|592|20860|alpino_lc|3130
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.4|19|1035|29690|alpino_lc|3057
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|19|1950|28670|alpino_lc|5602
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|19|44|62310|alpino_lc|2020
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|19|3176|33050|alpino_lc|10231
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|19|50652|168970|alpino_lc|25375
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|19|962|10890|alpino_lc|1641
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|19|6916|80710|alpino_lc|15718
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.33.s.1|19|5448|27710|alpino_lc|6978
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.38.s.1|19|152|6690|alpino_lc|4061
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|20|3432|12760|alpino_lc|2727
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|20|42133|458360|alpino_lc|98936
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.36.s.1|20|time_out|899290|alpino_lc|22177
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.9.s.1|20|time_out|898910|alpino_lc|11213
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|20|314|3560|alpino_lc|1210
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|20|1134|8780|alpino_lc|3053
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|20|627|11190|alpino_lc|6422
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|20|260|24640|alpino_lc|12545
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|20|1580|12420|alpino_lc|1911
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|20|40|3560|alpino_lc|1153
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|20|72|1200|alpino_lc|607
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|20|2272|20030|alpino_lc|2869
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|20|16|5340|alpino_lc|2415
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|20|4481|125140|alpino_lc|19568
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|20|3564|12230|alpino_lc|2134
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|20|5630|35870|alpino_lc|5202
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.5|20|56218|316480|alpino_lc|15921
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|20|1542|6980|alpino_lc|1216
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|20|7125|37980|alpino_lc|6178
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|20|14944|197470|alpino_lc|79629
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|20|6308|52130|alpino_lc|5736
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|20|192|5870|alpino_lc|1105
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|20|46478|327560|alpino_lc|22771
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|20|210|22430|alpino_lc|5106
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|20|5782|35780|alpino_lc|6761
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|20|6390|72440|alpino_lc|10794
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|20|170|6090|alpino_lc|1774
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.7|20|216|2760|alpino_lc|1157
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.28.s.6|20|144|4970|alpino_lc|1474
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|20|2821|17560|alpino_lc|4574
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.15.s.4|20|3510|44070|alpino_lc|3287
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|20|5336|103330|alpino_lc|26534
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.5|20|2839|30010|alpino_lc|11681
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|20|23400|366480|alpino_lc|169677
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|20|725|16590|alpino_lc|4000
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.37.s.1|20|19440|116720|alpino_lc|37112
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|20|4080|51130|alpino_lc|14271
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|20|1576|18440|alpino_lc|7710
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|20|3500|17050|alpino_lc|3840
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|20|16584|79960|alpino_lc|3586
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.3|20|9667|129960|alpino_lc|5699
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|20|180|5090|alpino_lc|2838
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|20|1349|14530|alpino_lc|3997
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|20|2678|131490|alpino_lc|16248
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|20|346|21310|alpino_lc|13387
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|20|8541|134310|alpino_lc|61458
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|20|135|3330|alpino_lc|1925
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|20|95|4000|alpino_lc|2630
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.4|20|2508|18360|alpino_lc|5209
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.3|20|552|8260|alpino_lc|1732
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|20|47444|212980|alpino_lc|12099
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.2|21|221|4960|alpino_lc|540
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.30.s.9|21|2057|14260|alpino_lc|3671
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.37.s.4|21|time_out|898790|alpino_lc|157620
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.46.s.3|21|3459|36230|alpino_lc|9212
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|21|336|5750|alpino_lc|3270
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|21|4252|40170|alpino_lc|9065
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|21|14036|74350|alpino_lc|13363
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|21|46116|196630|alpino_lc|5090
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|608|37790|alpino_lc|14429
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|21|37852|263190|alpino_lc|28842
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|21|119|2410|alpino_lc|850
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|21|678|13230|alpino_lc|4719
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.29.s.1|21|235|2390|alpino_lc|446
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.29.s.2|21|10438|164940|alpino_lc|37575
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|21|23656|99260|alpino_lc|5890
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|21|4887|39210|alpino_lc|7035
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|21|38|9660|alpino_lc|1480
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|21|103572|408140|alpino_lc|12381
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.21.s.3|21|464|9160|alpino_lc|4493
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|21|39030|217640|alpino_lc|35544
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|1773|30270|alpino_lc|4043
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|21|1149|28230|alpino_lc|9137
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.18.s.4|21|10437|49690|alpino_lc|3913
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|time_out|897890|alpino_lc|291410
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|21|6840|33300|alpino_lc|3704
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|21|1496|9390|alpino_lc|1707
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|21|49036|198770|alpino_lc|15725
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|6980|296240|alpino_lc|17475
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|21|36|4170|alpino_lc|1135
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|21|96|2210|alpino_lc|762
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.31.s.3|21|16286|52960|alpino_lc|1834
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|5010|42530|alpino_lc|9093
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.19.s.1|21|60940|299220|alpino_lc|16562
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|21|255|9350|alpino_lc|1318
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|21|284|16950|alpino_lc|7291
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|21|9701|52400|alpino_lc|10308
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|21|1392|22740|alpino_lc|8508
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.5|21|926|16780|alpino_lc|3245
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|21|756|5220|alpino_lc|887
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.31.s.1|21|162233|624490|alpino_lc|13284
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|21|840|5450|alpino_lc|1937
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.4|21|time_out|900190|alpino_lc|28298
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|21|48875|314910|alpino_lc|16933
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|21|1290|11440|alpino_lc|1460
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|21|9578|160970|alpino_lc|52603
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.7|21|1806|23750|alpino_lc|7761
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|21|18288|73770|alpino_lc|6854
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.2|21|2016|26580|alpino_lc|5342
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|21|595|147180|alpino_lc|18353
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|21|196|2620|alpino_lc|594
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|21|296|8180|alpino_lc|2477
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.31.s.2|21|1196|51810|alpino_lc|24260
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|21|time_out|900300|alpino_lc|39412
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.21.s.2|21|928|11070|alpino_lc|2493
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|21|234|14710|alpino_lc|2821
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|21|345|6020|alpino_lc|1943
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|21|99|14060|alpino_lc|3722
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|21|46380|259290|alpino_lc|22954
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.9.s.5|21|18044|204260|alpino_lc|44769
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|21|14328|191780|alpino_lc|23250
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|21|8662|327680|alpino_lc|215606
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.17.s.3|21|17|2670|alpino_lc|965
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|21|624|7840|alpino_lc|1866
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|21|8413|83730|alpino_lc|6361
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.37.s.2|21|60|6730|alpino_lc|2185
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|22|7152|106270|alpino_lc|10939
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.3|22|2977|49160|alpino_lc|12924
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|22|144|2540|alpino_lc|495
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.40.s.1|22|53520|314370|alpino_lc|12448
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|22|102|8860|alpino_lc|6478
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|22|40755|226070|alpino_lc|44764
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|2070|22070|alpino_lc|5662
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|22|46426|376650|alpino_lc|20624
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.3|22|18|16720|alpino_lc|4588
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|22|1057|34960|alpino_lc|4785
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|22|2837|37990|alpino_lc|4305
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|22|378|5240|alpino_lc|2166
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|22|time_out|897750|alpino_lc|24908
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|22|192|5550|alpino_lc|2819
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|10560|215810|alpino_lc|40033
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|22|1403|19720|alpino_lc|2312
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|22|9225|60530|alpino_lc|8781
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|22|2268|381890|alpino_lc|11212
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|22|7891|443950|alpino_lc|57396
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|22|48|1580|alpino_lc|903
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.22.s.3|22|34545|216930|alpino_lc|5168
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|22|3653|156100|alpino_lc|74261
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.20.s.4|22|538|26470|alpino_lc|2420
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|22|7884|41280|alpino_lc|9861
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|22|8572|95950|alpino_lc|13203
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|22|2046|23940|alpino_lc|8158
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|22|3712|14580|alpino_lc|3795
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|22|20921|98400|alpino_lc|28273
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.3|22|11410|47370|alpino_lc|7528
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|22|10627|107510|alpino_lc|3761
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|22|8304|36620|alpino_lc|3900
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|22|6683|99020|alpino_lc|16441
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.13.s.5|22|94230|658310|alpino_lc|32538
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|22|524|20720|alpino_lc|2172
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.16.s.4|22|984|9840|alpino_lc|3031
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|22|3552|77930|alpino_lc|12858
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|22|11376|334290|alpino_lc|113387
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.17.s.4|22|392|4460|alpino_lc|1817
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.22.s.1|22|169600|722530|alpino_lc|29251
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.1|22|2253|39250|alpino_lc|17748
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|22|time_out|897530|alpino_lc|337110
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|22|11499|64000|alpino_lc|14872
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|22|150|9560|alpino_lc|3257
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.7|22|8241|31550|alpino_lc|3229
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|22|204|11820|alpino_lc|2834
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|22|4557|51130|alpino_lc|3765
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|22|660|26120|alpino_lc|5320
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|22|140|12370|alpino_lc|3293
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.14.s.4|22|21472|59420|alpino_lc|5146
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|22|436|19960|alpino_lc|2901
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|22|1251|31540|alpino_lc|10344
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|23|3008|69570|alpino_lc|36848
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.15.s.5|23|37038|403350|alpino_lc|21689
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|23|2340|17480|alpino_lc|5586
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.39.s.1|23|4912|58510|alpino_lc|14798
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|23|time_out|900170|alpino_lc|82246
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|23|19480|165710|alpino_lc|24063
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.15.s.1|23|1312|41110|alpino_lc|12799
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|23|6360|19410|alpino_lc|1232
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|228|8220|alpino_lc|2932
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.21.s.1|23|time_out|882920|alpino_lc|220581
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|23|10152|46160|alpino_lc|9635
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.4|23|2445|24050|alpino_lc|7991
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|23|1923|16250|alpino_lc|2308
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.26.s.1|23|71344|249860|alpino_lc|2449
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|23|89901|591720|alpino_lc|23178
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.5.s.4|23|2310|15830|alpino_lc|2420
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.6.s.5|23|21492|137360|alpino_lc|27866
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.8.s.4|23|time_out|900640|alpino_lc|12400
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|23|746|6470|alpino_lc|1105
T#dpc-ind-001638-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|23|2442|531980|alpino_lc|30840
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|23|336|17710|alpino_lc|7501
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|23|15|5020|alpino_lc|4745
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.27.s.1|23|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|91874
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|23|978|43220|alpino_lc|15731
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|23|655|68380|alpino_lc|22430
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.13.s.1|23|356|246970|alpino_lc|41202
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|23|time_out|898600|alpino_lc|13354
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|23|1168|9230|alpino_lc|3555
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.14.s.3|23|2118|15160|alpino_lc|6343
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|23|1134|5810|alpino_lc|2267
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.5.s.1|23|252|4150|alpino_lc|1932
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.8.s.3|23|time_out|900180|alpino_lc|106219
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.11.s.8|23|84170|569880|alpino_lc|39803
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|23|21862|135590|alpino_lc|8350
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.11.s.2|23|128|12700|alpino_lc|4441
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.23.s.3|23|8632|105090|alpino_lc|42823
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.20.s.1|23|2876|35240|alpino_lc|5583
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.23.s.1|23|1824|11060|alpino_lc|3225
T#dpc-ind-001647-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|23|15|14180|alpino_lc|4196
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|23|time_out|900610|alpino_lc|14710
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.3|23|1224|14180|alpino_lc|2633
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|23|45522|151550|alpino_lc|4425
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|110|3650|alpino_lc|2449
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|23|5596|53000|alpino_lc|23151
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|23|42456|137150|alpino_lc|8390
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|23|1984|15640|alpino_lc|4705
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|23|1830|12910|alpino_lc|1533
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|23|2982|30130|alpino_lc|4931
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|23|5830|21100|alpino_lc|6844
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.14.s.5|24|4788|49620|alpino_lc|26957
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.24.s.2|24|11364|93310|alpino_lc|13151
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|24|time_out|900390|alpino_lc|17006
T#dpc-ind-001632-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|24|24336|92510|alpino_lc|2359
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.18.s.7|24|time_out|898750|alpino_lc|71971
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|24|321|13280|alpino_lc|5755
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.5.s.2|24|11020|140420|alpino_lc|3561
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|24|81038|570130|alpino_lc|23743
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.17.s.1|24|time_out|900490|alpino_lc|17960
T#dpc-ind-001635-nl-sen.p.28.s.4|24|3417|23670|alpino_lc|6144
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.7.s.1|24|1038|8580|alpino_lc|2049
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|24|153|17270|alpino_lc|1840
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.3|24|29480|646430|alpino_lc|29126
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.19.s.4|24|63530|418470|alpino_lc|10600
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.20.s.2|24|263|10880|alpino_lc|1165
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.4.s.3|24|time_out|900450|alpino_lc|32719
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.26.s.2|24|95|3260|alpino_lc|2455
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.9.s.2|24|40105|195030|alpino_lc|7710
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.27.s.2|24|10770|125420|alpino_lc|25191
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.3.s.1|24|26050|99710|alpino_lc|9463
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|24|66784|229200|alpino_lc|24741
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|24|time_out|900530|alpino_lc|48439
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|24|42972|617750|alpino_lc|74872
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.23.s.2|24|7000|52960|alpino_lc|12260
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.7.s.3|24|4920|21940|alpino_lc|1375
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.1|24|110889|501770|alpino_lc|5738
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.11.s.3|24|630|18740|alpino_lc|15304
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|24|time_out|900210|alpino_lc|75610
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|24|306|27450|alpino_lc|3883
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.10.s.1|24|91438|628220|alpino_lc|107292
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.15.s.2|24|2200|67320|alpino_lc|39522
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.6.s.1|24|384|6270|alpino_lc|871
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.13.s.2|24|22368|693180|alpino_lc|28429
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|24|2605|33120|alpino_lc|4248
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.25.s.1|24|4142|80670|alpino_lc|19375
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.25.s.2|24|12340|79050|alpino_lc|5158
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|24|24774|129810|alpino_lc|4329
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|6213|55130|alpino_lc|14797
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.33.s.6|24|time_out|897970|alpino_lc|45966
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.4|24|2264|15410|alpino_lc|2616
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.13.s.3|24|time_out|897380|alpino_lc|119104
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|1168|10340|alpino_lc|2700
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|24|11373|57150|alpino_lc|2876
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|24|4160|21340|alpino_lc|3394
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.2|24|72413|537550|alpino_lc|55719
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.27.s.4|24|5214|22130|alpino_lc|2903
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.28.s.1|24|264|8230|alpino_lc|2857
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.14.s.2|24|1228|42200|alpino_lc|6303
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|24|570|92370|alpino_lc|35574
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|24|1599|27020|alpino_lc|5770
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|24|4234|38140|alpino_lc|4510
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|24|25228|223610|alpino_lc|24397
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.28.s.2|24|4264|32640|alpino_lc|11552
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|24|time_out|900490|alpino_lc|313476
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|25|232|8120|alpino_lc|4062
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.26.s.4|25|6008|130060|alpino_lc|8421
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.32.s.1|25|5384|34580|alpino_lc|5379
T#dpc-ind-001631-nl-sen.p.35.s.1|25|16256|53720|alpino_lc|3681
T#dpc-ind-001633-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|25|5492|122470|alpino_lc|38425
T#dpc-ind-001634-nl-sen.p.10.s.6|25|12|1600|alpino_lc|590
T#dpc-ind-001636-nl-sen.p.8.s.2|25|5919|156090|alpino_lc|31652
T#dpc-ind-001637-nl-sen.p.10.s.5|25|13580|72310|alpino_lc|7489
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.12.s.1|25|39126|148550|alpino_lc|7754
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.24.s.4|25|time_out|900190|alpino_lc|22866
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.28.s.3|25|57501|388930|alpino_lc|28602
T#dpc-ind-001639-nl-sen.p.34.s.2|25|16902|109830|alpino_lc|15974
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.4.s.2|25|42591|278380|alpino_lc|24008
T#dpc-ind-001640-nl-sen.p.29.s.3|25|133087|739620|alpino_lc|57802
T#dpc-ind-001641-nl-sen.p.18.s.2|25|1616|58110|alpino_lc|12956
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|25|60|14050|alpino_lc|1951
T#dpc-ind-001642-nl-sen.p.17.s.2|25|508|40860|alpino_lc|3773
T#dpc-ind-001643-nl-sen.p.6.s.2|25|21500|119140|alpino_lc|23335
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.7.s.2|25|1156|56670|alpino_lc|10365
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.18.s.1|25|5248|23160|alpino_lc|3414
T#dpc-ind-001644-nl-sen.p.20.s.3|25|time_out|901180|alpino_lc|38507
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.8.s.1|25|4246|63340|alpino_lc|6390
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.24.s.3|25|654|5710|alpino_lc|2090
T#dpc-ind-001645-nl-sen.p.35.s.3|25|time_out|897120|alpino_lc|165733
T#dpc-ind-001646-nl-sen.p.12.s.2|25|15048|138040|alpino_lc|8421
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.9.s.3|25|1007|96680|alpino_lc|16880
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.12.s.6|25|2970|45870|alpino_lc|14353
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.14.s.1|25|time_out|900380|alpino_lc|15359
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.15.s.3|25|1170|53670|alpino_lc|20403
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|25|12232|40900|alpino_lc|2830
T#dpc-ind-001648-nl-sen.p.22.s.5|25|5593|75730|alpino_lc|16684
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.4.s.1|25|24300|106290|alpino_lc|2035
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.10.s.2|25|25|40800|alpino_lc|8455
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.1|25|16620|300610|alpino_lc|66153
T#dpc-ind-001649-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|25|5832|34890|alpino_lc|4936
T#dpc-ind-001650-nl-sen.p.16.s.2|25|448|3750|alpino_lc|2481
T#dpc-ind-001651-nl-sen.p.6.s.4|25|49430|421910|alpino_lc|3001
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.7.s.4|25|800|12000|alpino_lc|2404
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.25.s.4|25|8288|63510|alpino_lc|3865
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.30.s.1|25|58832|271530|alpino_lc|7407
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.32.s.3|25|288|13870|alpino_lc|3709
T#dpc-ind-001652-nl-sen.p.40.s.2|25|128|25000|alpino_lc|6191
