cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 13070 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 14380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2720 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4070 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 7340 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 27980 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 12300 msec
cputime total 131310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8180 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 28800 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 169590 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 10450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 15920 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 27660 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6350 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 27310 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 16070 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 43560 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 4300 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 18240 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 7470 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 9920 msec
cputime total 2470 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 12600 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8580 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 7920 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 9050 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 16280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 22970 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 13110 msec
cputime total 36460 msec
cputime total 62050 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 46420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 9020 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8010 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 9340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 99720 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 17740 msec
cputime total 39470 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 24500 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 15720 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 19900 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 5860 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8570 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 9200 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 22160 msec
cputime total 16560 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 14850 msec
cputime total 25110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10600 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 8770 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 48750 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 30950 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 9890 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 6720 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 23000 msec
cputime total 6530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 19410 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 14010 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 21250 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 34600 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10230 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 5250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 68280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 37150 msec
cputime total 10990 msec
cputime total 7300 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 27950 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 7360 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 24310 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 72370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 3600 msec
cputime total 5420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 14100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 9130 msec
cputime total 13330 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 13540 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6380 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2460 msec
cputime total 11210 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 31920 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 11880 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 6050 msec
cputime total 10870 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 4980 msec
cputime total 8330 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 12250 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 15950 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 7590 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 30970 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 9010 msec
cputime total 11340 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 7740 msec
cputime total 80180 msec
cputime total 59420 msec
cputime total 5170 msec
cputime total 6580 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 14440 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 3690 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 3990 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 3270 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 15320 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 6990 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3510 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 9910 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 3290 msec
cputime total 21900 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 15910 msec
cputime total 14980 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5630 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 9470 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 4650 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 40160 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 130650 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 21080 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 25380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 8380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 38000 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 8160 msec
cputime total 7090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 31310 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 22830 msec
cputime total 8420 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 22730 msec
cputime total 29910 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 12980 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 17210 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 9220 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 6540 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 13480 msec
cputime total 10680 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 4880 msec
cputime total 18220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 15440 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 8020 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 3230 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 67410 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 10550 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 5480 msec
cputime total 7030 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4320 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 8050 msec
cputime total 12300 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 4950 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 5100 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 22780 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 12520 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5490 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 4260 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 46840 msec
cputime total 13780 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 18620 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 11820 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 13840 msec
cputime total 2390 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 19660 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 35470 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 5550 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 5900 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 44950 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 30370 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 10990 msec
cputime total 11700 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 10080 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 26220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3770 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 45140 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 4850 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 11970 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 3940 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 9960 msec
cputime total 7350 msec
cputime total 3040 msec
cputime total 22690 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 10530 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 9740 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 39150 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 3320 msec
cputime total 3050 msec
cputime total 36510 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 22960 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 11970 msec
cputime total 9690 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5910 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8970 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 12740 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 21940 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5670 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 5190 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 12130 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 9770 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 28400 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2950 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 11820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 14460 msec
cputime total 23150 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 52410 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 9170 msec
cputime total 37660 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 63050 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 9250 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 23490 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 14790 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 7160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3280 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 14680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 18110 msec
cputime total 48410 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 43330 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 6110 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 8530 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 5750 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 12760 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 46300 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 3030 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 36500 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 19230 msec
cputime total 2260 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2870 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 90620 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 7680 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3490 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 205690 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 85420 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 5020 msec
cputime total 18160 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 13790 msec
cputime total 7500 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 181160 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 8610 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 18950 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 26790 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 12480 msec
cputime total 55800 msec
cputime total 6210 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20380 msec
cputime total 12690 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 8030 msec
cputime total 19210 msec
cputime total 14520 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 12900 msec
cputime total 15500 msec
cputime total 1390 msec
cputime total 8420 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 17300 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 13330 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 30830 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 10120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 17220 msec
cputime total 15450 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 7740 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3140 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 6310 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 15390 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 19830 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 7100 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 14310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 41210 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 8640 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 7060 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 4010 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8790 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 3780 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4440 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 2430 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 14680 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 10560 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 19380 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 6650 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 16800 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 10510 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 3960 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 4410 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 20770 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 4820 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 6670 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 5600 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 18900 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50890 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 9450 msec
cputime total 9980 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 19290 msec
cputime total 18020 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 8320 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 15070 msec
cputime total 13090 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5530 msec
cputime total 21900 msec
cputime total 7260 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 6970 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 18680 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 14080 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 4190 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 103790 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 7000 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2910 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 8990 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 3950 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 37010 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 12800 msec
cputime total 2920 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 5510 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 4780 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 15420 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 12710 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 8330 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 6570 msec
cputime total 9430 msec
cputime total 6070 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 23060 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 17080 msec
cputime total 5930 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 31400 msec
cputime total 10250 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 254500 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 22490 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 28450 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 3670 msec
cputime total 6630 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 23410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 18210 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 14860 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 3500 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 22630 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 26910 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 15010 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 6620 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 12340 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 9510 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3060 msec
cputime total 3590 msec
cputime total 5280 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 17460 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 14070 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 1170 msec
cputime total 9390 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2970 msec
cputime total 42050 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 9380 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 7000 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6810 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 13170 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 14630 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 2000 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 26600 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 8920 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 11650 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 29520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 5710 msec
cputime total 14080 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 5790 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 5220 msec
cputime total 23860 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 6460 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 9290 msec
cputime total 5340 msec
cputime total 48610 msec
cputime total 8170 msec
cputime total 9040 msec
cputime total 7380 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 6120 msec
cputime total 20850 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 5330 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 41560 msec
cputime total 4210 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 12070 msec
cputime total 37350 msec
cputime total 3630 msec
cputime total 2850 msec
cputime total 4570 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 10320 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30200 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 5080 msec
cputime total 7170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 6030 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 9370 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 5300 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 17070 msec
cputime total 4790 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 4660 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 8570 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 4910 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 5800 msec
cputime total 6280 msec
cputime total 18610 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 12500 msec
cputime total 16420 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 9110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 7340 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 7510 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 162780 msec
cputime total 4060 msec
cputime total 75270 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 2230 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 7120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 11010 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 4090 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 9840 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 63550 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2480 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5690 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4860 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 7970 msec
cputime total 9190 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 6320 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 26650 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3310 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 74620 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2410 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 4730 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 10560 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 3070 msec
cputime total 7330 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5740 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 11520 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 5440 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 15730 msec
cputime total 11670 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 35600 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 14990 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10130 msec
cputime total 10720 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 14780 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2510 msec
cputime total 8060 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 13110 msec
cputime total 63600 msec
cputime total 19640 msec
cputime total 4890 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1620 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 107240 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 31490 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 19050 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8260 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 12000 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 4720 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 5350 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 18270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 12360 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 13940 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 21220 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 28390 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 50200 msec
cputime total 12780 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 10590 msec
cputime total 5880 msec
cputime total 14520 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 32990 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 5560 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1300 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 6790 msec
cputime total 16000 msec
cputime total 6700 msec
cputime total 9130 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5830 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 3160 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2210 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 9210 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 1280 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 17200 msec
cputime total 3410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 10140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1350 msec
cputime total 9270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10520 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 6860 msec
cputime total 1630 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 1770 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 10970 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1800 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 4290 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1960 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4430 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 2030 msec
cputime total 14460 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 6170 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 3010 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 21510 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 17280 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 7230 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 16800 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 28330 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 17000 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 3720 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 85940 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 2290 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 11800 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 2440 msec
cputime total 9100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 48540 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 18570 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 21410 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 14840 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 7840 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 45720 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 13250 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 16810 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 19150 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10920 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 6370 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 5960 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 59880 msec
cputime total 4840 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 1690 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 4590 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 8290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2050 msec
cputime total 6510 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 2790 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 7690 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2090 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 22730 msec
cputime total 7280 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 9850 msec
cputime total 10490 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30390 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 2990 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 8780 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 2130 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 13650 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 10720 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10550 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 12150 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 8080 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 14610 msec
cputime total 21180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 27480 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 4470 msec
cputime total 3240 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1600 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 11790 msec
cputime total 9180 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 7620 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 15670 msec
cputime total 11320 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 3370 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 29340 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 25780 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 3520 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 4100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 14430 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 5780 msec
cputime total 9160 msec
cputime total 119400 msec
cputime total 220690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 14770 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4480 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 28380 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 7460 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 5200 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 26610 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 28190 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 12020 msec
cputime total 32490 msec
cputime total 12770 msec
cputime total 17050 msec
cputime total 24140 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 17890 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 31480 msec
cputime total 3570 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 11940 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 13060 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 6690 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 1730 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 43240 msec
cputime total 27990 msec
cputime total 3200 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 5570 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 10930 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 25030 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1490 msec
cputime total 6270 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 7290 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 29930 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 28210 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 31880 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 323070 msec
cputime total 5370 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 43140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 7190 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 26900 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 4490 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 18720 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 6930 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 2360 msec
cputime total 6300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5620 msec
cputime total 11220 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 4000 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 4080 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1680 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1650 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 7270 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 62690 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20080 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 50790 msec
cputime total 4120 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 6910 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 15830 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 33800 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 14970 msec
cputime total 14830 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 13040 msec
cputime total 12660 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 24630 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 3430 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 25470 msec
cputime total 3760 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2340 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 23050 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 2690 msec
cputime total 1400 msec
cputime total 2300 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 4030 msec
cputime total 11420 msec
cputime total 17670 msec
cputime total 12620 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 17240 msec
cputime total 9330 msec
cputime total 2070 msec
cputime total 1510 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 19710 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 13240 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 6180 msec
cputime total 6640 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3700 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 16840 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 3920 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 167670 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 14400 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1660 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 10900 msec
cputime total 17430 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 50300 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 8350 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 81010 msec
cputime total 1950 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 17540 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 3180 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 5770 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 18770 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 2180 msec
cputime total 4770 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 2860 msec
cputime total 1610 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 14220 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 12210 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 8140 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 11900 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2330 msec
cputime total 24490 msec
cputime total 3810 msec
cputime total 49240 msec
cputime total 20430 msec
cputime total 6830 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 17990 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2490 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 17590 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 39930 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 30410 msec
cputime total 3710 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 11690 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 9410 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 15830 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 13970 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 1270 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 4930 msec
cputime total 6820 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 71470 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 2640 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 8490 msec
cputime total 47070 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 11280 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 48090 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 12600 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 2960 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20690 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7990 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 1420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 15920 msec
cputime total 9490 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 7950 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 11360 msec
cputime total 850 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 9600 msec
cputime total 12660 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 24040 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 15540 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 14200 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 9550 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 5520 msec
cputime total 24850 msec
cputime total 4460 msec
cputime total 17280 msec
cputime total 15130 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1720 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 37520 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 13410 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 4370 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2830 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 10700 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 5970 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 18910 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 1480 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 10550 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1460 msec
cputime total 10220 msec
cputime total 14360 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 27810 msec
cputime total 4630 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 5320 msec
cputime total 2800 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 16740 msec
cputime total 14790 msec
cputime total 11640 msec
cputime total 10780 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 9760 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1010 msec
cputime total 8220 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 17780 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 6760 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 17080 msec
cputime total 805560 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2600 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 8480 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 3110 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 2930 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 63420 msec
cputime total 2630 msec
cputime total 13040 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 950 msec
cputime total 2750 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 7000 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 3550 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 18520 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 9440 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 1880 msec
cputime total 18230 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 4760 msec
cputime total 10630 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 76640 msec
cputime total 9370 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 14940 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 8390 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 25300 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 6010 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 17880 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20720 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1080 msec
cputime total 1440 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 2250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 7770 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 11040 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 6190 msec
cputime total 1920 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 10450 msec
cputime total 660 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 4270 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2550 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 2570 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 2120 msec
cputime total 3930 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 20430 msec
cputime total 3790 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5460 msec
cputime total 5820 msec
cputime total 9030 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 2110 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 7020 msec
cputime total 27840 msec
cputime total 7640 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 7420 msec
cputime total 1870 msec
cputime total 14260 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1070 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 18000 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 5360 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3980 msec
cputime total 3190 msec
cputime total 12100 msec
cputime total 1640 msec
cputime total 9080 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1970 msec
cputime total 1210 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1340 msec
cputime total 3020 msec
cputime total 16810 msec
cputime total 2890 msec
cputime total 20390 msec
cputime total 11470 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 7690 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 5500 msec
cputime total 1500 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 26840 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 2040 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2060 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 12870 msec
cputime total 78720 msec
cputime total 600 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1180 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 4400 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 3580 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 2530 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 19630 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 1100 msec
cputime total 14960 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 6430 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 5920 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 22890 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 60600 msec
cputime total 10640 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 5730 msec
cputime total 15580 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 31170 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 11850 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 8300 msec
cputime total 2190 msec
cputime total 2270 msec
cputime total 31000 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5590 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 18920 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 1790 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 23430 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2450 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 740 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 1260 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 21750 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 4330 msec
cputime total 1980 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 45130 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 1560 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10690 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 5260 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 4230 msec
cputime total 18010 msec
cputime total 8590 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 19010 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 3250 msec
cputime total 1930 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 15120 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 6260 msec
cputime total 3420 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 4450 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 3390 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 18850 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 3300 msec
cputime total 3000 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 12640 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 840 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 12860 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 760 msec
cputime total 3260 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 13150 msec
cputime total 550 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 590 msec
cputime total 4280 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 620 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 20200 msec
cputime total 6450 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4520 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1740 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 25180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 1140 msec
cputime total 1190 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 730 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 2310 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 1540 msec
cputime total 4580 msec
cputime total 4420 msec
cputime total 1700 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 970 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 13440 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10090 msec
cputime total 3650 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 16430 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 1810 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 2150 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 3800 msec
cputime total 3820 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1760 msec
cputime total 11440 msec
cputime total 870 msec
cputime total 6290 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 1450 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5110 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 29680 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1910 msec
cputime total 360 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2420 msec
cputime total 1250 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1000 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 330 msec
cputime total 2560 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 1530 msec
cputime total 2080 msec
cputime total 12860 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 2780 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 4960 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 1890 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 1570 msec
cputime total 0 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 4050 msec
cputime total 1470 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 23460 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 710 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1750 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 13500 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 580 msec
cputime total 11170 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 310 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 22150 msec
cputime total 2220 msec
cputime total 750 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 2380 msec
cputime total 4710 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 790 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 5680 msec
cputime total 8070 msec
cputime total 12780 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 4040 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 5890 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 18500 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 4690 msec
cputime total 4170 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 4940 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 32860 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 5150 msec
cputime total 11400 msec
cputime total 1940 msec
cputime total 6830 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1310 msec
cputime total 3660 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 16940 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2020 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 830 msec
cputime total 11860 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 940 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 4610 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 2320 msec
cputime total 15810 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 108120 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 3100 msec
cputime total 5720 msec
cputime total 6480 msec
cputime total 4240 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 2590 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 60710 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 34390 msec
cputime total 7850 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 2760 msec
cputime total 6160 msec
cputime total 2160 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1520 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 17090 msec
cputime total 8710 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 2820 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 6590 msec
cputime total 390 msec
cputime total 2710 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 380 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 1990 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 5270 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 27280 msec
cputime total 2200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 10100 msec
cputime total 11580 msec
cputime total 1590 msec
cputime total 17230 msec
cputime total 19440 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 5210 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 14620 msec
cputime total 17130 msec
cputime total 1840 msec
cputime total 11130 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 1820 msec
cputime total 21470 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 2370 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 3330 msec
cputime total 900 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 910 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 1110 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 15650 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 1150 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 2650 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2540 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4250 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 14700 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 4110 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 8760 msec
cputime total 680 msec
cputime total 5700 msec
cputime total 640 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 9190 msec
cputime total 4200 msec
cputime total 460 msec
cputime total 5410 msec
cputime total 930 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 18450 msec
cputime total 15990 msec
cputime total 1090 msec
cputime total 3680 msec
cputime total 350 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1780 msec
cputime total 6980 msec
cputime total 1670 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 250 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 6220 msec
cputime total 1220 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 1580 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 1900 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 3840 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 240 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 200 msec
cputime total 15720 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 1850 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 960 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 10830 msec
cputime total 1030 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 12190 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 1020 msec
cputime total 420 msec
cputime total 1290 msec
cputime total 10190 msec
cputime total 820 msec
cputime total 15730 msec
cputime total 1320 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 5840 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 2680 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 690 msec
cputime total 30620 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 9280 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 2900 msec
cputime total 700 msec
cputime total 4310 msec
cputime total 1830 msec
cputime total 6000 msec
cputime total 300 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 35150 msec
cputime total 980 msec
cputime total 1040 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 18490 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 37520 msec
cputime total 9780 msec
cputime total 3880 msec
cputime total 500 msec
cputime total 2700 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 4180 msec
cputime total 8810 msec
cputime total 2280 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 880 msec
cputime total 3900 msec
cputime total 720 msec
cputime total 1200 msec
cputime total 14440 msec
cputime total 10840 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 610 msec
cputime total 1330 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 12080 msec
cputime total 2660 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1430 msec
cputime total 60290 msec
cputime total 280 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 3560 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 3740 msec
cputime total 490 msec
cputime total 3150 msec
cputime total 24470 msec
cputime total 2520 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 1130 msec
cputime total 670 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 450 msec
cputime total 1240 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 220 msec
cputime total 5040 msec
cputime total 520 msec
cputime total 150 msec
cputime total 560 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 770 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 23640 msec
cputime total 11920 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 2580 msec
cputime total 1710 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 650 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 44710 msec
cputime total 16990 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3080 msec
cputime total 5940 msec
cputime total 1360 msec
cputime total 2100 msec
cputime total 6850 msec
cputime total 780 msec
cputime total 1060 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 160 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 810 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 630 msec
cputime total 31000 msec
cputime total 570 msec
cputime total 8890 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 510 msec
cputime total 21430 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 1410 msec
cputime total 33350 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 920 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 7130 msec
cputime total 210 msec
cputime total 13770 msec
cputime total 15500 msec
cputime total 800 msec
cputime total 17970 msec
cputime total 37470 msec
cputime total 1160 msec
cputime total 42030 msec
cputime total 990 msec
cputime total 530 msec
cputime total 1230 msec
cputime total 2010 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 4510 msec
cputime total 2670 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 2350 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 540 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 18540 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 9700 msec
cputime total 290 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 60 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 130 msec
cputime total 70 msec
cputime total 110 msec
cputime total 50 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 2940 msec
cputime total 190 msec
cputime total 230 msec
cputime total 80 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 13560 msec
cputime total 180 msec
cputime total 2140 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 6800 msec
cputime total 410 msec
cputime total 400 msec
cputime total 890 msec
cputime total 1370 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 15430 msec
cputime total 14470 msec
cputime total 430 msec
cputime total 1380 msec
cputime total 13320 msec
cputime total 260 msec
cputime total 340 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 3530 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 120 msec
cputime total 30 msec
cputime total 40 msec
cputime total 90 msec
cputime total 170 msec
cputime total 370 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 860 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 4810 msec
cputime total 470 msec
cputime total 1860 msec
cputime total 14230 msec
cputime total 1550 msec
cputime total 21030 msec
cputime total 4530 msec
cputime total 11140 msec
cputime total 24790 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 320 msec
cputime total 2400 msec
cputime total 480 msec
cputime total 440 msec
cputime total 1050 msec
cputime total 10 msec
cputime total 100 msec
cputime total 270 msec
cputime total 140 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 20 msec
cputime total 10 msec
T#wiki-1058.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1058.p.2.s.1|38|1|13070|alpino_lc|1160
T#wiki-1058.p.2.s.2|22|1|4460|alpino_lc|829
T#wiki-1058.p.3.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-1058.p.3.s.2|10|1|460|alpino_lc|201
T#wiki-1058.p.3.s.3|25|1|460|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-1058.p.4.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-1058.p.4.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1058.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.6.s.1|48|1|14380|alpino_lc|1413
T#wiki-1058.p.6.s.2|22|1|510|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-1058.p.6.s.3|14|1|1540|alpino_lc|1693
T#wiki-1058.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.1|15|1|330|alpino_lc|135
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.2|14|1|340|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.3|17|1|190|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.4|11|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-1058.p.9.s.6|14|1|320|alpino_lc|117
T#wiki-1058.p.10.s.1|15|1|430|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-1058.p.10.s.2|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|358
T#wiki-1058.p.10.s.3|21|1|1910|alpino_lc|1488
T#wiki-1058.p.10.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.2|18|1|810|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.3|13|1|160|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.4|12|1|250|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.7|27|1|2720|alpino_lc|1794
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.8|8|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.9|24|1|2690|alpino_lc|916
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.10|18|1|870|alpino_lc|160
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.11|8|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.13|16|1|170|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1058.p.11.s.14|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1058.p.12.s.1|13|1|540|alpino_lc|174
T#wiki-1058.p.12.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1058.p.12.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1058.p.12.s.4|8|1|260|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-1058.p.13.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1058.p.14.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1058.p.15.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1058.p.15.s.2|22|1|4070|alpino_lc|2213
T#wiki-1058.p.16.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.17.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1058.p.17.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.18.s.1|11|1|360|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-1058.p.18.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-1058.p.19.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1058.p.20.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1058.p.21.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-1058.p.21.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1058.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.23.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1058.p.23.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-1058.p.23.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1058.p.23.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1058.p.23.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1058.p.24.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.25.s.1|29|1|10830|alpino_lc|866
T#wiki-1058.p.26.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.27.s.1|12|1|760|alpino_lc|536
T#wiki-1058.p.28.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.3|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.4|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.7|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.8|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.9|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.29.s.10|5|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1058.p.30.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.1|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|400
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.2|8|1|280|alpino_lc|157
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.3|13|1|370|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.5|12|1|440|alpino_lc|152
T#wiki-1058.p.31.s.6|18|1|440|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-1058.p.32.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.33.s.1|13|1|850|alpino_lc|761
T#wiki-1058.p.34.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1058.p.35.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1058.p.36.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1058.p.37.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1058.p.38.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1058.p.39.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1094.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1094.p.2.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.2|20|1|410|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.3|16|1|240|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.4|9|1|90|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.6|9|1|140|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.7|7|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1094.p.3.s.8|5|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1112.p.1.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1112.p.2.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1112.p.2.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1112.p.2.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1181.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.2.s.1|15|1|1300|alpino_lc|391
T#wiki-1181.p.3.s.1|22|1|1970|alpino_lc|2078
T#wiki-1181.p.3.s.2|24|1|370|alpino_lc|118
T#wiki-1181.p.3.s.3|22|1|860|alpino_lc|641
T#wiki-1181.p.3.s.4|13|1|150|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-1181.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.1|17|1|2390|alpino_lc|1413
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.2|42|1|7340|alpino_lc|5970
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.3|26|1|2230|alpino_lc|1053
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.4|30|1|3900|alpino_lc|2145
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.5|66|1|27980|alpino_lc|18927
T#wiki-1181.p.5.s.6|19|1|500|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-1181.p.6.s.1|26|1|12300|alpino_lc|3820
T#wiki-1181.p.6.s.2|97|1|131310|alpino_lc|54085
T#wiki-1181.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.9.s.1|35|1|8180|alpino_lc|2368
T#wiki-1181.p.9.s.2|19|1|2670|alpino_lc|1120
T#wiki-1181.p.9.s.3|15|1|1130|alpino_lc|866
T#wiki-1181.p.9.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-1181.p.10.s.1|30|1|28800|alpino_lc|8631
T#wiki-1181.p.11.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1181.p.12.s.1|33|1|169590|alpino_lc|28502
T#wiki-1181.p.12.s.2|44|1|5910|alpino_lc|1541
T#wiki-1181.p.12.s.3|22|1|650|alpino_lc|468
T#wiki-1181.p.13.s.1|33|1|2470|alpino_lc|1764
T#wiki-1181.p.13.s.2|15|1|2850|alpino_lc|3044
T#wiki-1181.p.13.s.3|20|1|10450|alpino_lc|7133
T#wiki-1181.p.14.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1181.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.1|12|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.4|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.5|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.6|6|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-1181.p.16.s.7|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1181.p.17.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.18.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.19.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1181.p.20.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.21.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1181.p.22.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.23.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1181.p.24.s.1|25|1|15920|alpino_lc|832
T#wiki-1181.p.25.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1181.p.26.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1181.p.26.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1181.p.26.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1181.p.26.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1181.p.26.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1181.p.27.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1181.p.28.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-1181.p.29.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1181.p.30.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.1|16|1|2350|alpino_lc|1790
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.2|23|1|2570|alpino_lc|2644
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.3|9|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.4|10|1|420|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.5|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|496
T#wiki-11.p.2.s.6|23|1|27660|alpino_lc|10364
T#wiki-11.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.4.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-11.p.4.s.2|20|1|2060|alpino_lc|1894
T#wiki-11.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.6.s.1|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|874
T#wiki-11.p.6.s.2|15|1|970|alpino_lc|554
T#wiki-11.p.6.s.3|15|1|900|alpino_lc|650
T#wiki-11.p.6.s.4|21|1|11580|alpino_lc|9353
T#wiki-11.p.7.s.1|20|1|2860|alpino_lc|2142
T#wiki-11.p.7.s.2|11|1|290|alpino_lc|146
T#wiki-11.p.8.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-11.p.9.s.1|33|1|6350|alpino_lc|2092
T#wiki-11.p.9.s.2|23|1|2700|alpino_lc|1593
T#wiki-11.p.9.s.3|11|1|480|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-11.p.9.s.4|13|1|130|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-11.p.10.s.1|3|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-11.p.10.s.2|18|1|560|alpino_lc|413
T#wiki-11.p.11.s.1|17|1|570|alpino_lc|296
T#wiki-11.p.11.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-11.p.12.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.6|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.7|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.8|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.9|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.13.s.10|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.14.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.16.s.2|16|1|500|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-11.p.16.s.3|26|1|27310|alpino_lc|1234
T#wiki-11.p.16.s.4|16|1|910|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-11.p.16.s.5|24|1|16070|alpino_lc|637
T#wiki-11.p.17.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-11.p.18.s.1|18|1|1950|alpino_lc|1921
T#wiki-11.p.18.s.2|13|1|540|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-11.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.19.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.20.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.20.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.20.s.3|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.20.s.4|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.21.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.5|4|1|50|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.22.s.7|2|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.3|14|1|310|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.4|20|1|3420|alpino_lc|2812
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.6|10|1|230|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-11.p.23.s.7|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.24.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.25.s.1|4|1|130|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.3|19|1|2430|alpino_lc|687
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.4|37|1|43560|alpino_lc|4850
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.5|17|1|610|alpino_lc|231
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.6|9|1|280|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.7|9|1|360|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.8|20|1|4300|alpino_lc|3418
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.9|25|1|1740|alpino_lc|629
T#wiki-11.p.26.s.10|10|1|1160|alpino_lc|602
T#wiki-11.p.27.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.28.s.1|17|1|1800|alpino_lc|1053
T#wiki-11.p.28.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|134
T#wiki-11.p.28.s.3|26|1|3020|alpino_lc|1542
T#wiki-11.p.29.s.1|7|1|310|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-11.p.29.s.2|9|1|480|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.4|8|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.7|14|1|420|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.8|12|1|290|alpino_lc|120
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.9|13|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.10|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.11|7|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.12|11|1|180|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.13|9|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.14|8|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.15|10|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-11.p.30.s.16|3|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-11.p.31.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-11.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.33.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.5|9|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.8|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.9|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.10|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.11|5|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.12|4|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.13|15|1|630|alpino_lc|415
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.14|7|1|210|alpino_lc|135
T#wiki-11.p.34.s.15|13|1|510|alpino_lc|454
T#wiki-11.p.35.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.36.s.1|16|1|1590|alpino_lc|737
T#wiki-11.p.37.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.38.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.39.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|190
T#wiki-11.p.39.s.2|12|1|1190|alpino_lc|791
T#wiki-11.p.39.s.3|19|1|300|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-11.p.40.s.1|33|1|18240|alpino_lc|10851
T#wiki-11.p.40.s.2|19|1|2830|alpino_lc|1449
T#wiki-11.p.41.s.1|20|1|1230|alpino_lc|1404
T#wiki-11.p.41.s.2|22|1|560|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-11.p.42.s.1|30|1|7470|alpino_lc|3385
T#wiki-11.p.42.s.2|13|1|1490|alpino_lc|1009
T#wiki-11.p.42.s.3|22|1|9920|alpino_lc|5080
T#wiki-11.p.42.s.4|21|1|2470|alpino_lc|848
T#wiki-11.p.42.s.5|27|1|2570|alpino_lc|1783
T#wiki-11.p.43.s.1|33|1|12600|alpino_lc|4779
T#wiki-11.p.44.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.45.s.1|23|1|8580|alpino_lc|3794
T#wiki-11.p.45.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-11.p.46.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.1|17|1|680|alpino_lc|343
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.2|27|1|7920|alpino_lc|6383
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.4|18|1|850|alpino_lc|570
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.6|21|1|9050|alpino_lc|1792
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.7|17|1|510|alpino_lc|174
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.8|19|1|16280|alpino_lc|8823
T#wiki-11.p.47.s.9|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-11.p.48.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.49.s.1|18|1|1240|alpino_lc|1008
T#wiki-11.p.49.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-11.p.49.s.3|16|1|1860|alpino_lc|1267
T#wiki-11.p.50.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-11.p.51.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.52.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.53.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.54.s.1|18|1|680|alpino_lc|222
T#wiki-11.p.54.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-11.p.54.s.3|40|1|930|alpino_lc|453
T#wiki-11.p.54.s.4|66|1|22970|alpino_lc|19112
T#wiki-11.p.54.s.5|11|1|890|alpino_lc|503
T#wiki-11.p.55.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-11.p.56.s.1|17|1|420|alpino_lc|188
T#wiki-11.p.56.s.2|25|1|13110|alpino_lc|5462
T#wiki-11.p.57.s.1|40|1|36460|alpino_lc|6140
T#wiki-11.p.58.s.1|49|1|62050|alpino_lc|2147
T#wiki-11.p.59.s.1|15|1|690|alpino_lc|417
T#wiki-11.p.59.s.2|7|1|280|alpino_lc|189
T#wiki-11.p.60.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.61.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-11.p.62.s.1|15|1|690|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-11.p.62.s.2|22|1|1180|alpino_lc|321
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.6|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.63.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.64.s.1|5|1|160|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-11.p.65.s.1|30|1|1280|alpino_lc|383
T#wiki-11.p.65.s.2|3|1|180|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.6|6|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.7|5|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.66.s.8|5|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.67.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-11.p.68.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-11.p.70.s.1|48|1|46420|alpino_lc|5767
T#wiki-11.p.71.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.72.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-11.p.73.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.6|7|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-11.p.74.s.7|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-11.p.75.s.1|4|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.76.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.77.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-11.p.78.s.1|26|1|9020|alpino_lc|889
T#wiki-11.p.79.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-11.p.80.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.81.s.1|27|1|3990|alpino_lc|1020
T#wiki-11.p.82.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.82.s.2|2|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.82.s.3|3|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.82.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.82.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.83.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-11.p.84.s.1|8|1|680|alpino_lc|498
T#wiki-11.p.85.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.86.s.1|8|1|210|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.3|9|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.4|9|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.5|9|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.6|9|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-11.p.87.s.7|9|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-11.p.88.s.1|18|1|490|alpino_lc|403
T#wiki-11.p.89.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.89.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.90.s.1|19|1|14620|alpino_lc|4048
T#wiki-11.p.90.s.2|9|1|280|alpino_lc|240
T#wiki-11.p.91.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-11.p.92.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-11.p.92.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-11.p.93.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-11.p.94.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-11.p.94.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-11.p.94.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.94.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-11.p.94.s.5|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1250.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1250.p.2.s.1|22|1|8010|alpino_lc|3331
T#wiki-1250.p.3.s.1|11|1|1260|alpino_lc|916
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.6|6|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.9|5|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.10|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1250.p.4.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1250.p.5.s.1|19|1|360|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-1250.p.6.s.1|18|1|940|alpino_lc|209
T#wiki-1250.p.6.s.2|12|1|690|alpino_lc|216
T#wiki-1250.p.6.s.3|15|1|410|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-1250.p.6.s.4|10|1|130|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-1250.p.7.s.1|38|1|4930|alpino_lc|2418
T#wiki-1250.p.8.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1250.p.8.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1250.p.8.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1250.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1250.p.10.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1327.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.2.s.1|19|1|3940|alpino_lc|2977
T#wiki-1327.p.2.s.2|27|1|9340|alpino_lc|2129
T#wiki-1327.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.4|12|1|240|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.5|10|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1327.p.4.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1327.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.5.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.5.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.6.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-1327.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1327.p.8.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.3|7|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.8|8|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.9|8|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.10|6|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.11|9|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.12|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.13|10|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.14|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.15|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.16|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.9.s.17|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1327.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1327.p.11.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-1327.p.12.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|203
T#wiki-1327.p.12.s.2|24|1|3690|alpino_lc|671
T#wiki-1327.p.13.s.1|23|1|3520|alpino_lc|657
T#wiki-1327.p.13.s.2|16|1|260|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-1327.p.13.s.3|18|1|660|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-1327.p.14.s.1|36|1|2010|alpino_lc|698
T#wiki-1327.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1327.p.16.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1327.p.17.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-1327.p.18.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1327.p.19.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-1327.p.19.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.20.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1327.p.21.s.1|11|1|730|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-1327.p.21.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-1327.p.22.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1327.p.23.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1327.p.24.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1330.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1330.p.2.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1330.p.2.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1330.p.2.s.3|27|1|620|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-1330.p.2.s.4|20|1|480|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-135.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.2.s.1|54|1|99720|alpino_lc|21963
T#wiki-135.p.3.s.1|22|1|3880|alpino_lc|1515
T#wiki-135.p.3.s.2|10|1|1170|alpino_lc|923
T#wiki-135.p.4.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.4.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.4.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.5.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.6.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.6.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.6.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.7.s.1|21|1|1220|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-135.p.7.s.2|17|1|1630|alpino_lc|291
T#wiki-135.p.8.s.1|9|1|360|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-135.p.8.s.2|8|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-135.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.1|18|1|17740|alpino_lc|9871
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.2|37|1|39470|alpino_lc|12399
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.3|15|1|180|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.4|21|1|490|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.5|20|1|2140|alpino_lc|887
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.6|11|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.7|34|1|24500|alpino_lc|7024
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.8|25|1|2480|alpino_lc|370
T#wiki-135.p.10.s.9|19|1|3000|alpino_lc|1177
T#wiki-135.p.11.s.1|12|1|120|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-135.p.11.s.2|24|1|4320|alpino_lc|777
T#wiki-135.p.11.s.3|12|1|440|alpino_lc|284
T#wiki-135.p.11.s.4|4|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-135.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.14.s.1|36|1|15720|alpino_lc|6721
T#wiki-135.p.14.s.2|21|1|620|alpino_lc|328
T#wiki-135.p.14.s.3|23|1|2340|alpino_lc|1951
T#wiki-135.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.16.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-135.p.17.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-135.p.17.s.2|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|1398
T#wiki-135.p.18.s.1|29|1|19900|alpino_lc|7333
T#wiki-135.p.18.s.2|34|1|1160|alpino_lc|769
T#wiki-135.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.20.s.1|6|1|190|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-135.p.21.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.21.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.21.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.22.s.1|22|1|350|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-135.p.23.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.24.s.1|14|1|600|alpino_lc|390
T#wiki-135.p.24.s.2|19|1|510|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-135.p.24.s.3|24|1|9180|alpino_lc|2792
T#wiki-135.p.24.s.4|34|1|5860|alpino_lc|5847
T#wiki-135.p.25.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.26.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.27.s.1|37|1|8570|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-135.p.27.s.2|21|1|1920|alpino_lc|796
T#wiki-135.p.27.s.3|18|1|370|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-135.p.27.s.4|17|1|260|alpino_lc|117
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.1|24|1|1290|alpino_lc|996
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.2|15|1|2660|alpino_lc|2377
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.4|22|1|840|alpino_lc|676
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.5|28|1|11400|alpino_lc|1917
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.6|26|1|9200|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.7|15|1|780|alpino_lc|528
T#wiki-135.p.28.s.8|25|1|22160|alpino_lc|9289
T#wiki-135.p.29.s.1|59|1|16560|alpino_lc|8590
T#wiki-135.p.29.s.2|16|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-135.p.29.s.3|38|1|14850|alpino_lc|2758
T#wiki-135.p.30.s.1|35|1|25110|alpino_lc|1982
T#wiki-135.p.31.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.31.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-135.p.31.s.3|18|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-135.p.31.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-135.p.31.s.5|14|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-135.p.32.s.1|23|1|1230|alpino_lc|884
T#wiki-135.p.33.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-135.p.33.s.2|17|1|1500|alpino_lc|1083
T#wiki-135.p.33.s.3|27|1|1700|alpino_lc|570
T#wiki-135.p.33.s.4|18|1|1400|alpino_lc|744
T#wiki-135.p.34.s.1|23|1|1280|alpino_lc|729
T#wiki-135.p.34.s.2|48|1|4720|alpino_lc|1042
T#wiki-135.p.34.s.3|29|1|1030|alpino_lc|342
T#wiki-135.p.34.s.4|29|1|1030|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-135.p.34.s.5|10|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-135.p.35.s.1|44|1|10600|alpino_lc|7319
T#wiki-135.p.35.s.2|11|1|630|alpino_lc|530
T#wiki-135.p.35.s.3|7|1|100|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-135.p.35.s.4|20|1|350|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-135.p.35.s.5|14|1|260|alpino_lc|134
T#wiki-135.p.36.s.1|14|1|700|alpino_lc|339
T#wiki-135.p.36.s.2|9|1|320|alpino_lc|274
T#wiki-135.p.36.s.3|13|1|190|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-135.p.36.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-135.p.37.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.38.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-135.p.39.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.39.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.39.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-135.p.39.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.39.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.40.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-135.p.41.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-135.p.41.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.41.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.41.s.4|5|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.41.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.42.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.3|8|1|260|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.4|8|1|520|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.5|27|1|8770|alpino_lc|4242
T#wiki-135.p.43.s.6|13|1|450|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-135.p.44.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.45.s.1|15|1|580|alpino_lc|480
T#wiki-135.p.45.s.2|17|1|420|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-135.p.45.s.3|10|1|820|alpino_lc|636
T#wiki-135.p.46.s.1|19|1|7280|alpino_lc|2290
T#wiki-135.p.47.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-135.p.48.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.48.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.48.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.48.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.49.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-135.p.50.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.50.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.50.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.50.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-135.p.50.s.5|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.51.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|255
T#wiki-135.p.51.s.2|13|1|140|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-135.p.51.s.3|68|1|48750|alpino_lc|18865
T#wiki-135.p.52.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.53.s.1|15|1|760|alpino_lc|729
T#wiki-135.p.53.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.53.s.3|14|1|880|alpino_lc|293
T#wiki-135.p.53.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-135.p.54.s.1|32|1|1250|alpino_lc|1353
T#wiki-135.p.55.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.56.s.1|9|1|340|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-135.p.57.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.57.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.57.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.57.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.58.s.1|29|1|3690|alpino_lc|423
T#wiki-135.p.59.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.60.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-135.p.61.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.62.s.6|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.63.s.1|19|1|3950|alpino_lc|1263
T#wiki-135.p.64.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.65.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-135.p.65.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.66.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.67.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.68.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-135.p.69.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.70.s.1|10|1|660|alpino_lc|587
T#wiki-135.p.70.s.2|58|1|30950|alpino_lc|6032
T#wiki-135.p.71.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.1|30|1|1570|alpino_lc|759
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.2|12|1|450|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.3|18|1|1660|alpino_lc|1093
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.4|19|1|9890|alpino_lc|10716
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.5|12|1|1370|alpino_lc|439
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.6|29|1|2580|alpino_lc|3689
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.7|7|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.8|13|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.9|15|1|730|alpino_lc|263
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.10|15|1|450|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-135.p.72.s.11|28|1|5420|alpino_lc|1899
T#wiki-135.p.73.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.74.s.1|23|1|5840|alpino_lc|6307
T#wiki-135.p.74.s.2|17|1|1530|alpino_lc|731
T#wiki-135.p.75.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.76.s.1|25|1|9160|alpino_lc|3614
T#wiki-135.p.76.s.2|16|1|190|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-135.p.76.s.3|35|1|6720|alpino_lc|5291
T#wiki-135.p.77.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.78.s.1|11|1|420|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-135.p.78.s.2|19|1|23000|alpino_lc|18863
T#wiki-135.p.78.s.3|20|1|6530|alpino_lc|2057
T#wiki-135.p.79.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.80.s.1|19|1|4770|alpino_lc|3079
T#wiki-135.p.80.s.2|45|1|19410|alpino_lc|14169
T#wiki-135.p.80.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-135.p.80.s.4|22|1|14010|alpino_lc|2489
T#wiki-135.p.80.s.5|23|1|3080|alpino_lc|670
T#wiki-135.p.81.s.1|27|1|4110|alpino_lc|764
T#wiki-135.p.81.s.2|22|1|1510|alpino_lc|236
T#wiki-135.p.81.s.3|24|1|1540|alpino_lc|472
T#wiki-135.p.81.s.4|13|1|350|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-135.p.82.s.1|13|1|1400|alpino_lc|1276
T#wiki-135.p.82.s.2|31|1|21250|alpino_lc|2260
T#wiki-135.p.83.s.1|18|1|750|alpino_lc|307
T#wiki-135.p.83.s.2|46|1|34600|alpino_lc|5438
T#wiki-135.p.84.s.1|22|1|1370|alpino_lc|410
T#wiki-135.p.84.s.2|18|1|2430|alpino_lc|803
T#wiki-135.p.84.s.3|15|1|310|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-135.p.84.s.4|19|1|310|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.1|20|1|820|alpino_lc|823
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|122
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.3|14|1|1940|alpino_lc|1537
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.5|13|1|1650|alpino_lc|801
T#wiki-135.p.85.s.6|11|1|260|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-135.p.86.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.87.s.1|1|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.88.s.1|26|1|10230|alpino_lc|4707
T#wiki-135.p.89.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-135.p.89.s.2|12|1|220|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-135.p.90.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.90.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.91.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.91.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-135.p.91.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.91.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.92.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.92.s.2|10|1|1040|alpino_lc|492
T#wiki-135.p.93.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-135.p.93.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-135.p.93.s.3|16|1|210|alpino_lc|130
T#wiki-135.p.93.s.4|4|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-135.p.94.s.1|19|1|3880|alpino_lc|1991
T#wiki-135.p.94.s.2|18|1|420|alpino_lc|120
T#wiki-135.p.94.s.3|36|1|3510|alpino_lc|1060
T#wiki-135.p.94.s.4|27|1|5250|alpino_lc|3942
T#wiki-135.p.95.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.95.s.2|10|1|440|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-135.p.96.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.96.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.96.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.97.s.1|38|1|68280|alpino_lc|5621
T#wiki-135.p.97.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-135.p.98.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.98.s.2|26|1|1270|alpino_lc|823
T#wiki-135.p.99.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.99.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-135.p.100.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.100.s.2|26|1|1230|alpino_lc|263
T#wiki-135.p.101.s.1|19|1|530|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-135.p.101.s.2|21|1|570|alpino_lc|199
T#wiki-135.p.101.s.3|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|1634
T#wiki-135.p.102.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.103.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-135.p.103.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.104.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-135.p.105.s.1|41|1|37150|alpino_lc|7572
T#wiki-135.p.105.s.2|20|1|10990|alpino_lc|3773
T#wiki-135.p.106.s.1|33|1|7300|alpino_lc|9028
T#wiki-135.p.107.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.108.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-135.p.109.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.110.s.1|30|1|1010|alpino_lc|234
T#wiki-135.p.110.s.2|20|1|290|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-135.p.110.s.3|17|1|170|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-135.p.111.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.112.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.4|37|1|740|alpino_lc|348
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.5|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.6|9|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-135.p.113.s.7|7|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-135.p.114.s.1|5|1|170|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.5|9|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-135.p.115.s.6|9|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-135.p.116.s.1|3|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-135.p.117.s.1|15|1|780|alpino_lc|690
T#wiki-135.p.117.s.2|14|1|950|alpino_lc|1109
T#wiki-135.p.117.s.3|16|1|2090|alpino_lc|3376
T#wiki-135.p.118.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-135.p.118.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.118.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-135.p.118.s.4|8|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-135.p.118.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.119.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.120.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.121.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.122.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.123.s.1|8|1|440|alpino_lc|343
T#wiki-135.p.123.s.2|24|1|1970|alpino_lc|472
T#wiki-135.p.123.s.3|14|1|690|alpino_lc|479
T#wiki-135.p.124.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.125.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.126.s.1|3|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-135.p.127.s.1|10|1|670|alpino_lc|233
T#wiki-135.p.127.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.128.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.129.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.130.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.131.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.132.s.1|45|1|27950|alpino_lc|3204
T#wiki-135.p.133.s.1|22|1|3410|alpino_lc|2633
T#wiki-135.p.133.s.2|14|1|300|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-135.p.133.s.3|18|1|430|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-135.p.134.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-135.p.135.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-135.p.136.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-135.p.137.s.1|12|1|3430|alpino_lc|2067
T#wiki-135.p.137.s.2|18|1|1610|alpino_lc|1141
T#wiki-135.p.137.s.3|6|1|360|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-135.p.138.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.139.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.8|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.9|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.10|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.11|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.12|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.13|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.14|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.15|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.16|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.17|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.18|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.19|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.20|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.21|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.22|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.23|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.140.s.24|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.141.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.142.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.142.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.142.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-135.p.143.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-135.p.144.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.144.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.144.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-135.p.144.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.144.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-135.p.145.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.146.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.5|5|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.147.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-135.p.148.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-135.p.149.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-135.p.149.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-135.p.149.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-135.p.150.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.2.s.1|42|1|7360|alpino_lc|2806
T#wiki-138.p.2.s.2|22|1|1220|alpino_lc|686
T#wiki-138.p.2.s.3|22|1|1450|alpino_lc|769
T#wiki-138.p.2.s.4|8|1|90|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-138.p.2.s.5|12|1|3370|alpino_lc|1813
T#wiki-138.p.3.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-138.p.3.s.2|25|1|1820|alpino_lc|1368
T#wiki-138.p.3.s.3|18|1|1320|alpino_lc|503
T#wiki-138.p.4.s.1|30|1|4650|alpino_lc|4047
T#wiki-138.p.4.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-138.p.5.s.1|6|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.1|30|1|2930|alpino_lc|1125
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.2|31|1|24310|alpino_lc|3792
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.4|47|1|72370|alpino_lc|12287
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.6|13|1|1170|alpino_lc|733
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.7|21|1|2530|alpino_lc|785
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.8|25|1|450|alpino_lc|393
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.9|10|1|200|alpino_lc|142
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.10|21|1|3600|alpino_lc|2190
T#wiki-138.p.6.s.11|24|1|5420|alpino_lc|1753
T#wiki-138.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.8.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-138.p.8.s.2|37|1|14100|alpino_lc|3783
T#wiki-138.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.10.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.11.s.1|12|1|220|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-138.p.13.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-138.p.14.s.1|32|1|2060|alpino_lc|1322
T#wiki-138.p.15.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-138.p.16.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-138.p.17.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-138.p.18.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.19.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.2|8|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.3|16|1|3200|alpino_lc|1850
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.5|18|1|660|alpino_lc|271
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.6|15|1|560|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.7|12|1|380|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.8|11|1|160|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.9|11|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.11|13|1|260|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.12|8|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.13|7|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.14|19|1|910|alpino_lc|695
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.15|37|1|9130|alpino_lc|5294
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.16|33|1|13330|alpino_lc|977
T#wiki-138.p.20.s.17|12|1|230|alpino_lc|179
T#wiki-138.p.21.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-138.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.23.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-138.p.24.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-138.p.24.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-138.p.24.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.24.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.25.s.1|10|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.5|3|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-138.p.26.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-138.p.27.s.6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.29.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-138.p.29.s.2|32|1|13540|alpino_lc|4394
T#wiki-138.p.29.s.3|16|1|600|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-138.p.29.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-138.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.7|12|1|320|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.8|7|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.9|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.10|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.11|10|1|200|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.14|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.15|13|1|140|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.16|5|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.17|21|1|6380|alpino_lc|918
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.18|10|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.19|10|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-138.p.31.s.20|5|1|40|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-138.p.32.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.1|12|1|380|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.2|16|1|1100|alpino_lc|213
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.4|5|1|100|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.5|15|1|990|alpino_lc|826
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.6|14|1|780|alpino_lc|382
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.7|6|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.8|6|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.9|5|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.10|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-138.p.33.s.11|5|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-138.p.34.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.1|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|287
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.3|9|1|210|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.5|15|1|190|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.6|9|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.7|20|1|460|alpino_lc|213
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.8|8|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-138.p.35.s.9|6|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-138.p.36.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.37.s.1|16|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-138.p.37.s.2|11|1|1270|alpino_lc|630
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-138.p.38.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-138.p.39.s.1|20|1|910|alpino_lc|557
T#wiki-138.p.39.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-138.p.39.s.3|17|1|1060|alpino_lc|742
T#wiki-138.p.40.s.1|18|1|2460|alpino_lc|892
T#wiki-138.p.40.s.2|22|1|11210|alpino_lc|3238
T#wiki-138.p.40.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-138.p.41.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.42.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.43.s.1|25|1|1440|alpino_lc|477
T#wiki-138.p.44.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-138.p.45.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-138.p.45.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-138.p.46.s.1|21|1|690|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-138.p.46.s.2|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.46.s.3|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.46.s.4|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.46.s.5|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.47.s.1|15|1|1110|alpino_lc|796
T#wiki-138.p.47.s.2|10|1|330|alpino_lc|147
T#wiki-138.p.48.s.1|11|1|500|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-138.p.48.s.2|21|1|9220|alpino_lc|745
T#wiki-138.p.49.s.1|7|1|260|alpino_lc|69
T#wiki-138.p.50.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-138.p.50.s.2|12|1|440|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-138.p.51.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-138.p.52.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-138.p.52.s.2|28|1|31920|alpino_lc|5253
T#wiki-138.p.53.s.1|13|1|460|alpino_lc|437
T#wiki-138.p.54.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-138.p.54.s.2|21|1|600|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-138.p.54.s.3|28|1|860|alpino_lc|385
T#wiki-138.p.54.s.4|28|1|11880|alpino_lc|971
T#wiki-138.p.55.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-138.p.56.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-138.p.56.s.2|21|1|470|alpino_lc|275
T#wiki-138.p.57.s.1|30|1|6050|alpino_lc|3745
T#wiki-138.p.57.s.2|21|1|10870|alpino_lc|1737
T#wiki-138.p.58.s.1|26|1|940|alpino_lc|646
T#wiki-138.p.59.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-138.p.60.s.1|5|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-138.p.60.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.60.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-138.p.61.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-138.p.62.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-138.p.62.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-138.p.63.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-138.p.64.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-138.p.64.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-138.p.64.s.3|9|1|170|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-138.p.64.s.4|8|1|350|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-138.p.64.s.5|4|1|140|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-1400.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1400.p.2.s.1|16|1|1340|alpino_lc|1042
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.1|15|1|1220|alpino_lc|807
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.2|24|1|4980|alpino_lc|1925
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.3|40|1|8330|alpino_lc|3839
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.4|38|1|2140|alpino_lc|1207
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.5|14|1|670|alpino_lc|421
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.6|13|1|610|alpino_lc|538
T#wiki-1400.p.3.s.7|22|1|560|alpino_lc|325
T#wiki-1400.p.4.s.1|34|1|3250|alpino_lc|2986
T#wiki-1400.p.4.s.2|32|1|12250|alpino_lc|6270
T#wiki-1400.p.5.s.1|12|1|410|alpino_lc|248
T#wiki-1400.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1400.p.7.s.1|14|1|2190|alpino_lc|1215
T#wiki-1400.p.7.s.2|10|1|150|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-1400.p.7.s.3|29|1|1930|alpino_lc|1140
T#wiki-1400.p.7.s.4|23|1|15950|alpino_lc|9831
T#wiki-1400.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1400.p.9.s.1|12|1|740|alpino_lc|409
T#wiki-1400.p.9.s.2|28|1|7590|alpino_lc|3221
T#wiki-1400.p.9.s.3|19|1|1130|alpino_lc|1734
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.1|50|1|30970|alpino_lc|6093
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.2|11|1|980|alpino_lc|756
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.3|14|1|7230|alpino_lc|4655
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.4|18|1|1530|alpino_lc|846
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.5|27|1|9010|alpino_lc|1983
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.6|27|1|11340|alpino_lc|2532
T#wiki-1400.p.10.s.7|11|1|660|alpino_lc|317
T#wiki-1400.p.11.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1400.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1400.p.13.s.1|27|1|810|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-1400.p.13.s.2|14|1|1690|alpino_lc|932
T#wiki-1400.p.13.s.3|39|1|3960|alpino_lc|997
T#wiki-1400.p.14.s.1|22|1|4760|alpino_lc|3929
T#wiki-1400.p.14.s.2|27|1|7740|alpino_lc|2724
T#wiki-1400.p.15.s.1|57|1|80180|alpino_lc|8963
T#wiki-1400.p.15.s.2|35|1|59420|alpino_lc|11224
T#wiki-1400.p.15.s.3|23|1|5170|alpino_lc|1882
T#wiki-1400.p.15.s.4|27|1|6580|alpino_lc|3622
T#wiki-1400.p.16.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.1|26|1|630|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.2|29|1|14440|alpino_lc|3949
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.3|28|1|1850|alpino_lc|1161
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.5|28|1|7620|alpino_lc|2523
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.6|15|1|310|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-1400.p.17.s.7|13|1|190|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-1400.p.18.s.1|15|1|820|alpino_lc|468
T#wiki-1400.p.19.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1400.p.20.s.1|22|1|3690|alpino_lc|1378
T#wiki-1400.p.20.s.2|12|1|620|alpino_lc|400
T#wiki-1400.p.21.s.1|14|1|830|alpino_lc|723
T#wiki-1400.p.21.s.2|12|1|310|alpino_lc|334
T#wiki-1400.p.21.s.3|37|1|3990|alpino_lc|1102
T#wiki-1400.p.21.s.4|13|1|2250|alpino_lc|1510
T#wiki-1400.p.22.s.1|26|1|1990|alpino_lc|1286
T#wiki-1400.p.22.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|216
T#wiki-1400.p.22.s.3|31|1|2040|alpino_lc|583
T#wiki-1400.p.23.s.1|20|1|3270|alpino_lc|1715
T#wiki-1400.p.23.s.2|19|1|1170|alpino_lc|708
T#wiki-1400.p.24.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1400.p.26.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.5|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.7|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.8|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.9|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.10|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.11|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.12|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.13|9|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.14|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.15|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.16|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.17|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.18|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.19|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.20|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.21|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.22|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.23|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.24|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.25|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.26|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.27|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.28|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.29|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.30|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.31|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.32|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.33|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.34|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.27.s.35|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.7|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.8|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.11|5|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.12|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.14|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.15|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.17|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.18|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.19|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.20|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.21|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.22|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.23|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.24|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.25|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.26|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.27|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.28|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.29|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.30|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.31|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.32|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.33|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.28.s.34|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.9|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.11|5|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.12|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.13|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.14|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.15|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.17|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.18|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.19|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.20|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.21|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.22|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.23|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.24|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.25|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.26|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.27|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.28|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.29|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.30|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.31|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.32|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.33|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.34|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.29.s.35|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1400.p.30.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1400.p.30.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1400.p.31.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1400.p.32.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1400.p.33.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-1400.p.33.s.2|13|1|370|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-1400.p.34.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1400.p.35.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1532.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1532.p.2.s.1|26|1|400|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-1532.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1532.p.4.s.1|30|1|15320|alpino_lc|11979
T#wiki-1532.p.4.s.2|21|1|920|alpino_lc|1226
T#wiki-1532.p.5.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1532.p.5.s.2|22|1|2560|alpino_lc|1779
T#wiki-1532.p.5.s.3|12|1|530|alpino_lc|357
T#wiki-1532.p.5.s.4|10|1|360|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-1532.p.5.s.5|25|1|2520|alpino_lc|1813
T#wiki-1532.p.6.s.1|13|1|460|alpino_lc|536
T#wiki-1532.p.6.s.2|13|1|190|alpino_lc|181
T#wiki-1532.p.6.s.3|20|1|470|alpino_lc|270
T#wiki-1532.p.6.s.4|13|1|110|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-1532.p.6.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|158
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.2|16|1|800|alpino_lc|524
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.4|10|1|250|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.5|11|1|720|alpino_lc|678
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.6|11|1|450|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.7|13|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-1532.p.7.s.8|16|1|1050|alpino_lc|681
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.1|17|1|330|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.2|19|1|1480|alpino_lc|556
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.3|20|1|2300|alpino_lc|2608
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.4|19|1|760|alpino_lc|444
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.5|27|1|2290|alpino_lc|429
T#wiki-1532.p.8.s.6|11|1|440|alpino_lc|317
T#wiki-1532.p.9.s.1|28|1|4310|alpino_lc|823
T#wiki-1532.p.9.s.2|31|1|3030|alpino_lc|1276
T#wiki-1532.p.9.s.3|21|1|6990|alpino_lc|879
T#wiki-1532.p.9.s.4|16|1|710|alpino_lc|434
T#wiki-1532.p.10.s.1|7|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-1532.p.10.s.2|12|1|470|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-1532.p.10.s.3|16|1|300|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-1532.p.10.s.4|8|1|150|alpino_lc|122
T#wiki-1532.p.10.s.5|23|1|980|alpino_lc|242
T#wiki-1532.p.11.s.1|13|1|880|alpino_lc|591
T#wiki-1532.p.11.s.2|9|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-1532.p.11.s.3|7|1|280|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-1532.p.11.s.4|18|1|430|alpino_lc|348
T#wiki-1532.p.11.s.5|7|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-1532.p.12.s.1|11|1|310|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-1532.p.12.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-1532.p.12.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1532.p.13.s.1|21|1|3510|alpino_lc|2113
T#wiki-1532.p.14.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1532.p.15.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1532.p.15.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1532.p.15.s.3|12|1|110|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1532.p.16.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1532.p.17.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-1532.p.17.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-1532.p.17.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1532.p.17.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1532.p.17.s.5|4|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1532.p.18.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1532.p.19.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-1532.p.19.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1541.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.2.s.1|30|1|1420|alpino_lc|748
T#wiki-1541.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.4.s.1|20|1|1480|alpino_lc|831
T#wiki-1541.p.4.s.2|22|1|9910|alpino_lc|7633
T#wiki-1541.p.5.s.1|25|1|3520|alpino_lc|2018
T#wiki-1541.p.6.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-1541.p.6.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-1541.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.8.s.1|23|1|3680|alpino_lc|835
T#wiki-1541.p.8.s.2|22|1|1000|alpino_lc|302
T#wiki-1541.p.8.s.3|16|1|580|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-1541.p.8.s.4|9|1|80|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-1541.p.8.s.5|16|1|540|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-1541.p.9.s.1|18|1|2290|alpino_lc|412
T#wiki-1541.p.10.s.1|35|1|3290|alpino_lc|3628
T#wiki-1541.p.11.s.1|38|1|21900|alpino_lc|2907
T#wiki-1541.p.12.s.1|28|1|1880|alpino_lc|754
T#wiki-1541.p.13.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1541.p.14.s.1|58|1|15910|alpino_lc|1995
T#wiki-1541.p.14.s.2|27|1|14980|alpino_lc|10649
T#wiki-1541.p.15.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1541.p.15.s.2|17|1|650|alpino_lc|407
T#wiki-1541.p.16.s.1|23|1|2830|alpino_lc|1355
T#wiki-1541.p.16.s.2|12|1|1700|alpino_lc|1004
T#wiki-1541.p.17.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-1541.p.17.s.2|14|1|550|alpino_lc|171
T#wiki-1541.p.18.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.19.s.1|24|1|5630|alpino_lc|1455
T#wiki-1541.p.19.s.2|4|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1541.p.19.s.3|14|1|1140|alpino_lc|302
T#wiki-1541.p.19.s.4|24|1|2280|alpino_lc|1463
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.1|41|1|9470|alpino_lc|4801
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.2|17|1|280|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.3|39|1|5880|alpino_lc|1950
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.4|24|1|630|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.5|22|1|1330|alpino_lc|683
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.6|26|1|1180|alpino_lc|780
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.7|24|1|4650|alpino_lc|2913
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.8|21|1|1880|alpino_lc|1927
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.9|12|1|530|alpino_lc|222
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.10|16|1|4210|alpino_lc|2703
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.11|34|1|40160|alpino_lc|21677
T#wiki-1541.p.20.s.12|20|1|4960|alpino_lc|1804
T#wiki-1541.p.21.s.1|34|1|1140|alpino_lc|394
T#wiki-1541.p.21.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1541.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.23.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.8|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.9|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.10|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.11|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.24.s.12|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1541.p.25.s.1|19|1|260|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-1541.p.25.s.2|17|1|460|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-1541.p.25.s.3|40|1|130650|alpino_lc|27494
T#wiki-1541.p.26.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.27.s.1|17|1|430|alpino_lc|239
T#wiki-1541.p.27.s.2|25|1|3060|alpino_lc|1366
T#wiki-1541.p.27.s.3|29|1|550|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-1541.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1541.p.29.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.1|6|1|150|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.5|13|1|240|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.6|8|1|170|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.7|5|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.8|6|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.9|7|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.10|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.11|9|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.12|8|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.13|6|1|70|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.14|7|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.15|9|1|110|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.16|8|1|180|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.17|5|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.18|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.19|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.20|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.21|10|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.22|5|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.23|6|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.24|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1541.p.30.s.25|8|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1541.p.31.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.5|5|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-1541.p.32.s.6|7|1|260|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-154.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.2.s.1|13|1|860|alpino_lc|657
T#wiki-154.p.2.s.2|12|1|350|alpino_lc|217
T#wiki-154.p.2.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-154.p.2.s.4|9|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-154.p.3.s.1|18|1|610|alpino_lc|398
T#wiki-154.p.3.s.2|23|1|5370|alpino_lc|2624
T#wiki-154.p.3.s.3|31|1|8160|alpino_lc|1740
T#wiki-154.p.4.s.1|20|1|310|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-154.p.4.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-154.p.4.s.3|21|1|21080|alpino_lc|2584
T#wiki-154.p.5.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-154.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.7.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|233
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.4|10|1|450|alpino_lc|329
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.5|12|1|260|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.6|16|1|240|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-154.p.8.s.7|13|1|320|alpino_lc|217
T#wiki-154.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.1|15|1|340|alpino_lc|134
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.2|13|1|880|alpino_lc|502
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.3|40|1|25380|alpino_lc|5750
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.4|13|1|280|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.6|14|1|580|alpino_lc|377
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.7|15|1|2900|alpino_lc|1745
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.8|22|1|8380|alpino_lc|5564
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.9|12|1|210|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.10|26|1|1180|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.11|16|1|1390|alpino_lc|1401
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.12|10|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.13|13|1|250|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.14|12|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.15|6|1|70|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-154.p.10.s.16|22|1|1410|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-154.p.11.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.1|30|1|38000|alpino_lc|40022
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.2|16|1|1360|alpino_lc|895
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.3|23|1|8160|alpino_lc|7347
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.4|27|1|7090|alpino_lc|679
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.5|15|1|340|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.6|46|1|31310|alpino_lc|25477
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.7|15|1|770|alpino_lc|602
T#wiki-154.p.12.s.8|44|1|22830|alpino_lc|30996
T#wiki-154.p.13.s.1|22|1|8420|alpino_lc|4737
T#wiki-154.p.13.s.2|21|1|1340|alpino_lc|958
T#wiki-154.p.13.s.3|30|1|22730|alpino_lc|14211
T#wiki-154.p.13.s.4|38|1|29910|alpino_lc|5867
T#wiki-154.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.15.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-154.p.16.s.1|8|1|280|alpino_lc|203
T#wiki-154.p.16.s.2|24|1|3650|alpino_lc|671
T#wiki-154.p.17.s.1|23|1|3490|alpino_lc|657
T#wiki-154.p.17.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-154.p.17.s.3|18|1|660|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-154.p.18.s.1|36|1|2050|alpino_lc|698
T#wiki-154.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.20.s.1|13|1|400|alpino_lc|279
T#wiki-154.p.20.s.2|32|1|1420|alpino_lc|274
T#wiki-154.p.20.s.3|15|1|960|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-154.p.20.s.4|23|1|1600|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-154.p.21.s.1|36|1|12980|alpino_lc|4567
T#wiki-154.p.21.s.2|16|1|560|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-154.p.21.s.3|12|1|330|alpino_lc|222
T#wiki-154.p.21.s.4|18|1|17210|alpino_lc|12523
T#wiki-154.p.22.s.1|10|1|160|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-154.p.22.s.2|18|1|520|alpino_lc|323
T#wiki-154.p.22.s.3|40|1|5970|alpino_lc|2371
T#wiki-154.p.22.s.4|43|1|9220|alpino_lc|2496
T#wiki-154.p.22.s.5|28|1|2800|alpino_lc|1145
T#wiki-154.p.23.s.1|27|1|2800|alpino_lc|1090
T#wiki-154.p.23.s.2|18|1|640|alpino_lc|161
T#wiki-154.p.23.s.3|20|1|1600|alpino_lc|1685
T#wiki-154.p.24.s.1|11|1|400|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-154.p.24.s.2|26|1|6540|alpino_lc|2119
T#wiki-154.p.24.s.3|39|1|3800|alpino_lc|3142
T#wiki-154.p.24.s.4|24|1|13480|alpino_lc|8886
T#wiki-154.p.25.s.1|22|1|10680|alpino_lc|6540
T#wiki-154.p.25.s.2|29|1|3500|alpino_lc|1629
T#wiki-154.p.25.s.3|13|1|470|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-154.p.25.s.4|4|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-154.p.26.s.1|31|1|4880|alpino_lc|3494
T#wiki-154.p.26.s.2|43|1|18220|alpino_lc|7943
T#wiki-154.p.27.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.29.s.1|16|1|690|alpino_lc|537
T#wiki-154.p.29.s.2|41|1|1100|alpino_lc|240
T#wiki-154.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.31.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-154.p.32.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.32.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.32.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.32.s.4|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-154.p.32.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.33.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-154.p.34.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-154.p.35.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.35.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-154.p.35.s.3|15|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-154.p.35.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-154.p.35.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-154.p.36.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-154.p.37.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-154.p.38.s.1|21|1|2520|alpino_lc|2004
T#wiki-154.p.38.s.2|17|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-154.p.39.s.1|15|1|610|alpino_lc|401
T#wiki-154.p.40.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-154.p.40.s.2|12|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-154.p.40.s.3|15|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-154.p.40.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-154.p.41.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.42.s.1|20|1|770|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-154.p.42.s.2|18|1|740|alpino_lc|280
T#wiki-154.p.42.s.3|40|1|15440|alpino_lc|1127
T#wiki-154.p.42.s.4|15|1|180|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-154.p.42.s.5|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|493
T#wiki-154.p.43.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.44.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.45.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-154.p.45.s.2|17|1|460|alpino_lc|306
T#wiki-154.p.45.s.3|12|1|120|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-154.p.45.s.4|16|1|390|alpino_lc|273
T#wiki-154.p.45.s.5|18|1|510|alpino_lc|305
T#wiki-154.p.46.s.1|21|1|810|alpino_lc|611
T#wiki-154.p.47.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.48.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.49.s.1|27|1|1140|alpino_lc|790
T#wiki-154.p.49.s.2|15|1|240|alpino_lc|193
T#wiki-154.p.49.s.3|18|1|850|alpino_lc|515
T#wiki-154.p.49.s.4|10|1|100|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-154.p.49.s.5|11|1|140|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-154.p.50.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.51.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-154.p.51.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-154.p.51.s.3|12|1|130|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-154.p.52.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.52.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.2|29|1|8020|alpino_lc|5921
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.3|22|1|2330|alpino_lc|707
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.4|30|1|3650|alpino_lc|1051
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.5|31|1|3230|alpino_lc|2030
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.6|12|1|780|alpino_lc|482
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.7|13|1|240|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-154.p.53.s.8|18|1|530|alpino_lc|321
T#wiki-154.p.54.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.55.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-154.p.55.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-154.p.55.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-154.p.56.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.57.s.1|12|1|280|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-154.p.57.s.2|39|1|4470|alpino_lc|4679
T#wiki-154.p.57.s.3|62|1|67410|alpino_lc|4656
T#wiki-154.p.58.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.1|20|1|490|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.2|29|1|10550|alpino_lc|3422
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.3|21|1|3370|alpino_lc|1908
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.4|20|1|5480|alpino_lc|2652
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.5|17|1|7030|alpino_lc|4890
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.6|12|1|340|alpino_lc|175
T#wiki-154.p.59.s.7|21|1|4320|alpino_lc|3007
T#wiki-154.p.60.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.61.s.1|14|1|120|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.2|17|1|470|alpino_lc|366
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.8|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.13|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.14|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.15|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.17|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.18|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-154.p.62.s.19|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-154.p.63.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-154.p.64.s.1|24|1|920|alpino_lc|255
T#wiki-154.p.64.s.2|17|1|2490|alpino_lc|2241
T#wiki-154.p.65.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.3|6|1|150|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.7|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.8|6|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.9|4|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-154.p.66.s.10|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1550.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.1|13|1|700|alpino_lc|438
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.2|22|1|8050|alpino_lc|6716
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.3|23|1|12300|alpino_lc|6506
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.4|20|1|850|alpino_lc|265
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.5|25|1|4950|alpino_lc|1632
T#wiki-1550.p.2.s.6|14|1|560|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-1550.p.3.s.1|18|1|5100|alpino_lc|2925
T#wiki-1550.p.3.s.2|16|1|1900|alpino_lc|1504
T#wiki-1550.p.3.s.3|25|1|3200|alpino_lc|1491
T#wiki-1550.p.4.s.1|15|1|790|alpino_lc|421
T#wiki-1550.p.4.s.2|30|1|900|alpino_lc|614
T#wiki-1550.p.4.s.3|16|1|150|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-1550.p.4.s.4|14|1|340|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-1550.p.5.s.1|22|1|2370|alpino_lc|841
T#wiki-1550.p.5.s.2|14|1|6170|alpino_lc|2872
T#wiki-1550.p.6.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.2|30|1|22780|alpino_lc|6235
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.3|25|1|930|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.4|10|1|290|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.5|19|1|1210|alpino_lc|639
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.6|20|1|1240|alpino_lc|339
T#wiki-1550.p.7.s.7|22|1|6510|alpino_lc|4668
T#wiki-1550.p.8.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1550.p.9.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1550.p.9.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1550.p.10.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.2|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.4|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.5|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.11.s.6|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.5|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.12.s.6|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.13.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.13.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.13.s.4|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.13.s.5|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.14.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1550.p.15.s.1|19|1|1130|alpino_lc|537
T#wiki-1550.p.15.s.2|10|1|540|alpino_lc|415
T#wiki-1550.p.16.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.4|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.8|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.9|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.10|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.11|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.12|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.13|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.14|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.15|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.16|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.17|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.18|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.19|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.20|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.21|8|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.22|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.23|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.24|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.25|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.26|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.27|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.28|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.29|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.17.s.30|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.8|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.9|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.10|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.11|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.12|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.13|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.14|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.15|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.16|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.17|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.18|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.19|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.20|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.21|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.22|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.23|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.24|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.25|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.26|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.27|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.28|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.29|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.18.s.30|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.4|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.5|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.9|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.10|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.11|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.12|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.13|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.14|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.15|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.16|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.17|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.18|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.19|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.20|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.21|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.22|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.23|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.24|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.25|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.26|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.27|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.28|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.29|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.19.s.30|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1550.p.20.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1550.p.21.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1550.p.22.s.1|15|1|300|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-1550.p.23.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1550.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1553.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.1|15|1|750|alpino_lc|191
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.2|23|1|650|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.3|21|1|3710|alpino_lc|5279
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.4|18|1|1280|alpino_lc|729
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.5|26|1|1040|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-1553.p.2.s.6|11|1|280|alpino_lc|399
T#wiki-1553.p.3.s.1|14|1|630|alpino_lc|489
T#wiki-1553.p.3.s.2|10|1|400|alpino_lc|397
T#wiki-1553.p.4.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.9|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.14|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.15|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.17|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.18|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.19|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.20|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.21|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.22|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.23|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.24|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.25|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.5.s.26|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.6|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.10|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.13|5|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.14|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.15|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.17|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.18|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.19|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.20|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.21|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.22|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.23|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.24|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.6.s.25|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.6|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.8|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.12|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.14|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.15|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.17|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.18|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.19|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.20|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.21|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.22|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.23|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.24|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.7.s.25|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1553.p.8.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1553.p.9.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-1553.p.10.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1553.p.11.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.2.s.1|22|1|1630|alpino_lc|754
T#wiki-1566.p.2.s.2|14|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-1566.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.4.s.1|12|1|520|alpino_lc|299
T#wiki-1566.p.4.s.2|18|1|380|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-1566.p.4.s.3|30|1|12520|alpino_lc|8555
T#wiki-1566.p.4.s.4|40|1|5080|alpino_lc|1341
T#wiki-1566.p.5.s.1|20|1|500|alpino_lc|223
T#wiki-1566.p.6.s.1|26|1|5490|alpino_lc|1182
T#wiki-1566.p.6.s.2|11|1|840|alpino_lc|462
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.1|30|1|4260|alpino_lc|1862
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.2|14|1|280|alpino_lc|194
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.3|32|1|46840|alpino_lc|20577
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.4|24|1|13780|alpino_lc|3296
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.5|19|1|940|alpino_lc|812
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.6|15|1|280|alpino_lc|150
T#wiki-1566.p.7.s.7|28|1|820|alpino_lc|325
T#wiki-1566.p.8.s.1|22|1|770|alpino_lc|468
T#wiki-1566.p.8.s.2|10|1|770|alpino_lc|804
T#wiki-1566.p.8.s.3|29|1|18620|alpino_lc|11310
T#wiki-1566.p.8.s.4|19|1|2140|alpino_lc|1253
T#wiki-1566.p.9.s.1|17|1|430|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-1566.p.10.s.1|24|1|420|alpino_lc|190
T#wiki-1566.p.10.s.2|13|1|690|alpino_lc|326
T#wiki-1566.p.11.s.1|20|1|720|alpino_lc|399
T#wiki-1566.p.12.s.1|15|1|1190|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-1566.p.12.s.2|20|1|370|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-1566.p.12.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.12.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-1566.p.12.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.13.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-1566.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.15.s.1|27|1|11820|alpino_lc|3459
T#wiki-1566.p.15.s.2|15|1|650|alpino_lc|613
T#wiki-1566.p.16.s.1|25|1|790|alpino_lc|283
T#wiki-1566.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.18.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|105
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.4|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.8|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.9|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.10|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.11|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.12|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.13|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.19.s.14|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.20.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.1|8|1|350|alpino_lc|360
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.3|8|1|360|alpino_lc|360
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.4|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.21.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1566.p.22.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.3|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.4|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.8|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.9|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.10|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.11|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.23.s.12|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1566.p.24.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.25.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.26.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.3|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.7|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.8|8|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.9|4|1|40|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.10|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.27.s.11|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.28.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1566.p.29.s.1|26|1|13840|alpino_lc|7961
T#wiki-1566.p.29.s.2|34|1|2390|alpino_lc|1397
T#wiki-1566.p.29.s.3|28|1|2590|alpino_lc|1117
T#wiki-1566.p.30.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.6|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.7|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.31.s.8|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-1566.p.32.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.7|6|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.8|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.9|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.10|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.11|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.12|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1566.p.33.s.13|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1609.p.1.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1609.p.2.s.1|21|1|820|alpino_lc|441
T#wiki-1609.p.2.s.2|16|1|440|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-1609.p.3.s.1|28|1|19660|alpino_lc|9704
T#wiki-1609.p.3.s.2|32|1|6290|alpino_lc|1899
T#wiki-1609.p.4.s.1|30|1|12870|alpino_lc|3209
T#wiki-1609.p.4.s.2|48|1|35470|alpino_lc|17256
T#wiki-1609.p.4.s.3|20|1|2890|alpino_lc|3515
T#wiki-1609.p.4.s.4|31|1|5550|alpino_lc|1699
T#wiki-1609.p.5.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1609.p.5.s.2|21|1|3740|alpino_lc|2627
T#wiki-1609.p.5.s.3|25|1|5900|alpino_lc|3537
T#wiki-1609.p.5.s.4|13|1|340|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-1609.p.6.s.1|54|1|44950|alpino_lc|8019
T#wiki-1609.p.7.s.1|16|1|520|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-1609.p.7.s.2|23|1|2330|alpino_lc|1962
T#wiki-1609.p.7.s.3|26|1|4450|alpino_lc|1773
T#wiki-1609.p.8.s.1|24|1|740|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-1617.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.2.s.1|14|1|520|alpino_lc|458
T#wiki-1617.p.2.s.2|7|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-1617.p.3.s.1|18|1|530|alpino_lc|211
T#wiki-1617.p.4.s.1|19|1|1430|alpino_lc|572
T#wiki-1617.p.4.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-1617.p.4.s.3|17|1|270|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-1617.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.6.s.1|13|1|1430|alpino_lc|658
T#wiki-1617.p.6.s.2|26|1|1070|alpino_lc|701
T#wiki-1617.p.6.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-1617.p.6.s.4|22|1|3350|alpino_lc|2409
T#wiki-1617.p.7.s.1|16|1|230|alpino_lc|122
T#wiki-1617.p.7.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-1617.p.7.s.3|23|1|2060|alpino_lc|1137
T#wiki-1617.p.7.s.4|18|1|4710|alpino_lc|1190
T#wiki-1617.p.8.s.1|37|1|30370|alpino_lc|13622
T#wiki-1617.p.8.s.2|34|1|2050|alpino_lc|1943
T#wiki-1617.p.8.s.3|20|1|1450|alpino_lc|1380
T#wiki-1617.p.9.s.1|23|1|10990|alpino_lc|6998
T#wiki-1617.p.9.s.2|21|1|11700|alpino_lc|10824
T#wiki-1617.p.9.s.3|33|1|2210|alpino_lc|211
T#wiki-1617.p.9.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|117
T#wiki-1617.p.9.s.5|18|1|540|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-1617.p.10.s.1|22|1|1450|alpino_lc|812
T#wiki-1617.p.10.s.2|12|1|540|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-1617.p.10.s.3|17|1|1510|alpino_lc|349
T#wiki-1617.p.10.s.4|19|1|310|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-1617.p.10.s.5|15|1|470|alpino_lc|318
T#wiki-1617.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.12.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1617.p.13.s.1|14|1|370|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-1617.p.13.s.2|13|1|240|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-1617.p.14.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.15.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.16.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1617.p.17.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.17.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.18.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-1617.p.19.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.19.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.20.s.1|8|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.21.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.22.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.4|7|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.5|16|1|260|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-1617.p.23.s.6|12|1|140|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-1617.p.24.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1617.p.25.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1617.p.26.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1617.p.26.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.26.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1617.p.26.s.4|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1617.p.26.s.5|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.27.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-1617.p.27.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1617.p.28.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1617.p.29.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1617.p.30.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1617.p.30.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-1625.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1625.p.2.s.1|22|1|970|alpino_lc|231
T#wiki-1625.p.2.s.2|38|1|10080|alpino_lc|11814
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.1|10|1|370|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.3|29|1|26220|alpino_lc|13898
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.4|15|1|210|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.5|24|1|1360|alpino_lc|799
T#wiki-1625.p.3.s.6|21|1|360|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-1625.p.4.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1625.p.5.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1635.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1635.p.2.s.1|33|1|3770|alpino_lc|2125
T#wiki-1635.p.3.s.1|21|1|1290|alpino_lc|397
T#wiki-1635.p.3.s.2|23|1|5720|alpino_lc|1438
T#wiki-1635.p.4.s.1|11|1|240|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-1635.p.4.s.2|14|1|240|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-1635.p.4.s.3|17|1|510|alpino_lc|302
T#wiki-1635.p.5.s.1|65|1|45140|alpino_lc|16914
T#wiki-1635.p.5.s.2|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|1223
T#wiki-1635.p.6.s.1|21|1|1830|alpino_lc|490
T#wiki-1635.p.7.s.1|21|1|4850|alpino_lc|1837
T#wiki-1635.p.7.s.2|32|1|2270|alpino_lc|1663
T#wiki-1635.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1635.p.9.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-1635.p.10.s.1|10|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1635.p.10.s.2|12|1|230|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-1635.p.11.s.1|34|1|11970|alpino_lc|1912
T#wiki-1635.p.11.s.2|33|1|4080|alpino_lc|2728
T#wiki-1635.p.11.s.3|27|1|3940|alpino_lc|1284
T#wiki-1635.p.11.s.4|19|1|320|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-1635.p.12.s.1|24|1|5740|alpino_lc|11100
T#wiki-1635.p.12.s.2|17|1|6800|alpino_lc|529
T#wiki-1635.p.12.s.3|29|1|9960|alpino_lc|4622
T#wiki-1635.p.13.s.1|21|1|7350|alpino_lc|6542
T#wiki-1635.p.13.s.2|17|1|3040|alpino_lc|2200
T#wiki-1635.p.13.s.3|34|1|22690|alpino_lc|2544
T#wiki-1635.p.13.s.4|20|1|1400|alpino_lc|1160
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.1|21|1|1700|alpino_lc|953
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.3|14|1|380|alpino_lc|394
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.5|9|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.6|27|1|660|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-1635.p.14.s.7|21|1|1600|alpino_lc|490
T#wiki-1635.p.15.s.1|22|1|1860|alpino_lc|486
T#wiki-1635.p.15.s.2|24|1|10530|alpino_lc|3833
T#wiki-1635.p.15.s.3|17|1|340|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-1635.p.15.s.4|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|775
T#wiki-1635.p.16.s.1|33|1|9740|alpino_lc|2948
T#wiki-1635.p.17.s.1|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-1635.p.18.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1635.p.19.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1635.p.19.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1635.p.20.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1635.p.21.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.2.s.1|12|1|1670|alpino_lc|1300
T#wiki-1652.p.3.s.1|14|1|790|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-1652.p.3.s.2|13|1|920|alpino_lc|569
T#wiki-1652.p.3.s.3|30|1|39150|alpino_lc|19035
T#wiki-1652.p.4.s.1|25|1|3250|alpino_lc|863
T#wiki-1652.p.5.s.1|19|1|3320|alpino_lc|1803
T#wiki-1652.p.5.s.2|30|1|3050|alpino_lc|3241
T#wiki-1652.p.5.s.3|30|1|36510|alpino_lc|6860
T#wiki-1652.p.5.s.4|14|1|1610|alpino_lc|1796
T#wiki-1652.p.6.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1652.p.8.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.8.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.8.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1652.p.8.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.8.s.5|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1652.p.10.s.1|21|1|970|alpino_lc|414
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.2|8|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.4|4|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.5|5|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.6|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.7|3|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.9|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1652.p.11.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.4|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.6|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.8|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.9|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.10|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.13.s.11|23|1|830|alpino_lc|292
T#wiki-1652.p.14.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1652.p.15.s.1|47|1|22960|alpino_lc|33389
T#wiki-1652.p.16.s.1|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|1027
T#wiki-1652.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.18.s.1|3|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.2|10|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.3|7|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.4|11|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.5|10|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.6|14|1|150|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.7|10|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.9|10|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.10|8|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.11|9|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.19.s.12|13|1|90|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-1652.p.20.s.1|35|1|2640|alpino_lc|946
T#wiki-1652.p.20.s.2|29|1|11970|alpino_lc|5865
T#wiki-1652.p.20.s.3|22|1|9690|alpino_lc|4024
T#wiki-1652.p.20.s.4|21|1|10250|alpino_lc|5056
T#wiki-1652.p.21.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1652.p.22.s.1|17|1|630|alpino_lc|281
T#wiki-1652.p.23.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-1652.p.24.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.25.s.1|21|1|5910|alpino_lc|1828
T#wiki-1652.p.26.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.5|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.6|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.7|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.8|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.10|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.11|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.12|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.13|5|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.14|5|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1652.p.27.s.15|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.29.s.8|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.30.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.31.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1652.p.31.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1652.p.31.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.33.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.33.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.33.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.33.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.34.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.3|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.7|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.9|5|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.35.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.36.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.37.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.37.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.37.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.37.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1652.p.37.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1652.p.38.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.5|14|1|390|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.7|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.8|13|1|750|alpino_lc|265
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.9|8|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.10|8|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.11|4|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.12|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.14|6|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.15|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.16|4|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.17|7|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.18|5|1|40|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.19|7|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.20|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.21|9|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1652.p.39.s.22|4|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.40.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.41.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.41.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.41.s.3|9|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1652.p.41.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.41.s.5|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1652.p.42.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1652.p.43.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1652.p.43.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1652.p.43.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1652.p.43.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1799.p.1.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1799.p.2.s.1|31|1|8970|alpino_lc|2099
T#wiki-1799.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.1|21|1|3150|alpino_lc|1116
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.2|15|1|240|alpino_lc|128
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.4|8|1|390|alpino_lc|205
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.5|28|1|1290|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.6|16|1|740|alpino_lc|351
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.7|12|1|400|alpino_lc|191
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.8|18|1|1270|alpino_lc|990
T#wiki-1799.p.5.s.9|42|1|12740|alpino_lc|1299
T#wiki-1799.p.6.s.1|42|1|6370|alpino_lc|7891
T#wiki-1799.p.6.s.2|23|1|1190|alpino_lc|816
T#wiki-1799.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.8.s.1|14|1|850|alpino_lc|525
T#wiki-1799.p.8.s.2|22|1|2330|alpino_lc|1674
T#wiki-1799.p.8.s.3|12|1|380|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-1799.p.8.s.4|24|1|2990|alpino_lc|1619
T#wiki-1799.p.8.s.5|11|1|2050|alpino_lc|936
T#wiki-1799.p.9.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.10.s.1|15|1|860|alpino_lc|545
T#wiki-1799.p.10.s.2|12|1|840|alpino_lc|1000
T#wiki-1799.p.10.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1799.p.10.s.4|36|1|21940|alpino_lc|6057
T#wiki-1799.p.10.s.5|17|1|2090|alpino_lc|1280
T#wiki-1799.p.11.s.1|26|1|870|alpino_lc|402
T#wiki-1799.p.11.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-1799.p.11.s.3|31|1|710|alpino_lc|239
T#wiki-1799.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-1799.p.13.s.1|33|1|5670|alpino_lc|4317
T#wiki-1799.p.13.s.2|17|1|790|alpino_lc|1058
T#wiki-1799.p.13.s.3|14|1|490|alpino_lc|343
T#wiki-1799.p.14.s.1|31|1|5190|alpino_lc|1710
T#wiki-1799.p.15.s.1|19|1|320|alpino_lc|170
T#wiki-1799.p.16.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|476
T#wiki-1799.p.17.s.1|19|1|890|alpino_lc|633
T#wiki-1799.p.17.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1799.p.18.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|258
T#wiki-1799.p.18.s.2|12|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1799.p.19.s.1|30|1|1270|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-1799.p.20.s.1|27|1|12130|alpino_lc|3774
T#wiki-1799.p.20.s.2|19|1|1730|alpino_lc|1528
T#wiki-1799.p.20.s.3|37|1|9770|alpino_lc|5526
T#wiki-1799.p.21.s.1|18|1|1070|alpino_lc|1023
T#wiki-1799.p.22.s.1|23|1|28400|alpino_lc|10080
T#wiki-1799.p.23.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.24.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1799.p.24.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1799.p.24.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1799.p.24.s.4|7|1|150|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-1799.p.25.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.2|15|1|170|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.5|11|1|470|alpino_lc|432
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.6|6|1|100|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.8|6|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1799.p.26.s.9|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1799.p.27.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1799.p.28.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1799.p.28.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-1799.p.28.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1799.p.28.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.29.s.1|11|1|610|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-1799.p.30.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1799.p.30.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1799.p.30.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1808.p.1.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1808.p.2.s.1|25|1|7640|alpino_lc|2391
T#wiki-1808.p.3.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1808.p.4.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-1808.p.4.s.2|21|1|2950|alpino_lc|1432
T#wiki-1808.p.4.s.3|23|1|1550|alpino_lc|1085
T#wiki-1808.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1808.p.6.s.1|5|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1808.p.7.s.1|11|1|3160|alpino_lc|2499
T#wiki-1808.p.7.s.2|30|1|730|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-1808.p.7.s.3|11|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1808.p.8.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1808.p.9.s.1|16|1|590|alpino_lc|355
T#wiki-1808.p.9.s.2|14|1|520|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-1808.p.9.s.3|15|1|780|alpino_lc|290
T#wiki-1808.p.9.s.4|12|1|780|alpino_lc|521
T#wiki-1808.p.10.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1808.p.11.s.1|13|1|370|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-1808.p.11.s.2|19|1|940|alpino_lc|477
T#wiki-1808.p.11.s.3|11|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-1808.p.11.s.4|9|1|280|alpino_lc|190
T#wiki-1808.p.11.s.5|8|1|250|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-1808.p.12.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1808.p.13.s.1|14|1|2570|alpino_lc|1558
T#wiki-1808.p.13.s.2|28|1|11820|alpino_lc|8802
T#wiki-1808.p.13.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-1808.p.13.s.4|14|1|440|alpino_lc|338
T#wiki-1808.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1808.p.15.s.1|21|1|1570|alpino_lc|1314
T#wiki-1808.p.15.s.2|18|1|2940|alpino_lc|1984
T#wiki-1808.p.15.s.3|11|1|630|alpino_lc|507
T#wiki-1808.p.15.s.4|15|1|3150|alpino_lc|1960
T#wiki-1808.p.15.s.5|13|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-1808.p.16.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.1|26|1|14460|alpino_lc|4925
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.2|20|1|23150|alpino_lc|15209
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.3|10|1|180|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.4|26|1|3790|alpino_lc|2183
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-1808.p.17.s.6|31|1|52410|alpino_lc|8086
T#wiki-1808.p.18.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1808.p.19.s.1|17|1|9170|alpino_lc|4709
T#wiki-1808.p.19.s.2|31|1|37660|alpino_lc|6996
T#wiki-1808.p.19.s.3|17|1|200|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-1808.p.20.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1808.p.21.s.1|5|1|180|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.5|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.6|9|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.7|9|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.8|17|1|420|alpino_lc|163
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.9|36|1|63050|alpino_lc|5859
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.10|16|1|810|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.11|11|1|130|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.12|10|1|120|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.13|8|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.14|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.15|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.16|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1808.p.22.s.17|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1808.p.23.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1808.p.24.s.1|19|1|12070|alpino_lc|8710
T#wiki-1808.p.24.s.2|15|1|2520|alpino_lc|1058
T#wiki-1808.p.24.s.3|26|1|3880|alpino_lc|2187
T#wiki-1808.p.24.s.4|16|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-1808.p.25.s.1|24|1|9250|alpino_lc|2572
T#wiki-1808.p.25.s.2|17|1|1580|alpino_lc|982
T#wiki-1808.p.25.s.3|13|1|230|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-1808.p.25.s.4|23|1|1160|alpino_lc|403
T#wiki-1808.p.26.s.1|28|1|23490|alpino_lc|24992
T#wiki-1808.p.26.s.2|23|1|360|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-1808.p.26.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-1808.p.26.s.4|49|1|14790|alpino_lc|372
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.1|24|1|2290|alpino_lc|1432
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.2|8|1|310|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.3|22|1|1320|alpino_lc|547
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.4|9|1|160|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.5|17|1|360|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-1808.p.27.s.6|19|1|530|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-1808.p.28.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1808.p.29.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.1|14|1|950|alpino_lc|581
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.2|27|1|7160|alpino_lc|5453
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.4|44|1|3820|alpino_lc|1224
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.5|22|1|840|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.6|7|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1820.p.2.s.7|4|1|50|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1820.p.3.s.1|12|1|390|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-1820.p.4.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1820.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.5.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.5.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.5.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.5.s.5|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.6.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1820.p.7.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1820.p.8.s.1|10|1|70|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-1820.p.8.s.2|9|1|60|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-1820.p.9.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.10.s.1|19|1|2540|alpino_lc|1296
T#wiki-1820.p.10.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-1820.p.11.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1820.p.12.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.12.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1820.p.12.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1820.p.13.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1820.p.14.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1820.p.14.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1820.p.14.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1823.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.2.s.1|8|1|700|alpino_lc|600
T#wiki-1823.p.2.s.2|14|1|440|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-1823.p.3.s.1|41|1|3280|alpino_lc|1217
T#wiki-1823.p.3.s.2|11|1|600|alpino_lc|485
T#wiki-1823.p.3.s.3|14|1|240|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-1823.p.4.s.1|13|1|220|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-1823.p.4.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-1823.p.4.s.3|29|1|4480|alpino_lc|3455
T#wiki-1823.p.4.s.4|16|1|1020|alpino_lc|562
T#wiki-1823.p.5.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1823.p.6.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.6.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.6.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.6.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.6.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.7.s.1|29|1|14680|alpino_lc|4436
T#wiki-1823.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.3|24|1|6270|alpino_lc|1099
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-1823.p.9.s.6|7|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1823.p.10.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-1823.p.11.s.1|25|1|1790|alpino_lc|1468
T#wiki-1823.p.11.s.2|34|1|6700|alpino_lc|1107
T#wiki-1823.p.11.s.3|21|1|3310|alpino_lc|1985
T#wiki-1823.p.11.s.4|22|1|510|alpino_lc|183
T#wiki-1823.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.13.s.1|35|1|18110|alpino_lc|6870
T#wiki-1823.p.13.s.2|44|1|48410|alpino_lc|11563
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.1|10|1|190|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.2|50|1|43330|alpino_lc|9436
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.3|11|1|340|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.4|31|1|690|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.5|9|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.6|15|1|1580|alpino_lc|503
T#wiki-1823.p.14.s.7|23|1|1240|alpino_lc|361
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.1|11|1|300|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.2|32|1|4040|alpino_lc|3539
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.3|13|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.4|20|1|4960|alpino_lc|1793
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.5|25|1|4730|alpino_lc|2653
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.6|19|1|2310|alpino_lc|1706
T#wiki-1823.p.15.s.7|43|1|6110|alpino_lc|2284
T#wiki-1823.p.16.s.1|17|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-1823.p.16.s.2|16|1|520|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-1823.p.16.s.3|11|1|200|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-1823.p.16.s.4|16|1|280|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-1823.p.16.s.5|25|1|2180|alpino_lc|704
T#wiki-1823.p.17.s.1|23|1|380|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-1823.p.17.s.2|19|1|210|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1823.p.17.s.3|15|1|520|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-1823.p.18.s.1|28|1|8530|alpino_lc|2789
T#wiki-1823.p.18.s.2|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|1183
T#wiki-1823.p.18.s.3|9|1|220|alpino_lc|161
T#wiki-1823.p.18.s.4|19|1|1570|alpino_lc|1605
T#wiki-1823.p.19.s.1|23|1|570|alpino_lc|253
T#wiki-1823.p.19.s.2|21|1|5750|alpino_lc|1470
T#wiki-1823.p.19.s.3|20|1|240|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-1823.p.19.s.4|9|1|190|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-1823.p.20.s.1|30|1|12760|alpino_lc|5899
T#wiki-1823.p.20.s.2|31|1|2560|alpino_lc|1600
T#wiki-1823.p.20.s.3|16|1|3160|alpino_lc|1795
T#wiki-1823.p.20.s.4|31|1|46300|alpino_lc|40241
T#wiki-1823.p.21.s.1|16|1|870|alpino_lc|717
T#wiki-1823.p.21.s.2|17|1|670|alpino_lc|538
T#wiki-1823.p.21.s.3|21|1|1590|alpino_lc|606
T#wiki-1823.p.22.s.1|38|1|3030|alpino_lc|807
T#wiki-1823.p.23.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.24.s.1|10|1|600|alpino_lc|281
T#wiki-1823.p.24.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1823.p.24.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-1823.p.25.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.3|6|1|100|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.6|9|1|120|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-1823.p.26.s.7|7|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.27.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.1|42|1|36500|alpino_lc|10725
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.2|24|1|9040|alpino_lc|1377
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.3|12|1|1840|alpino_lc|954
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.4|11|1|230|alpino_lc|171
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.5|7|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.6|21|1|1270|alpino_lc|618
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.7|18|1|3980|alpino_lc|2283
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.8|9|1|200|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-1823.p.28.s.9|39|1|7510|alpino_lc|3084
T#wiki-1823.p.29.s.1|14|1|260|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-1823.p.29.s.2|14|1|290|alpino_lc|179
T#wiki-1823.p.29.s.3|28|1|19230|alpino_lc|6530
T#wiki-1823.p.29.s.4|28|1|2260|alpino_lc|1179
T#wiki-1823.p.29.s.5|14|1|250|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-1823.p.30.s.1|27|1|5330|alpino_lc|1069
T#wiki-1823.p.30.s.2|9|1|240|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-1823.p.30.s.3|37|1|2870|alpino_lc|952
T#wiki-1823.p.30.s.4|14|1|410|alpino_lc|312
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.1|17|1|460|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.2|44|1|90620|alpino_lc|6795
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.3|14|1|450|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.4|17|1|370|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.5|19|1|590|alpino_lc|400
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.6|20|1|1130|alpino_lc|650
T#wiki-1823.p.31.s.7|10|1|270|alpino_lc|220
T#wiki-1823.p.32.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.33.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1823.p.33.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1823.p.33.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1823.p.33.s.4|12|1|100|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-1823.p.33.s.5|10|1|120|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-1823.p.34.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.35.s.1|15|1|1270|alpino_lc|1018
T#wiki-1823.p.35.s.2|20|1|2440|alpino_lc|834
T#wiki-1823.p.35.s.3|18|1|7680|alpino_lc|2052
T#wiki-1823.p.35.s.4|24|1|1800|alpino_lc|1288
T#wiki-1823.p.36.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1823.p.36.s.2|39|1|3490|alpino_lc|1278
T#wiki-1823.p.36.s.3|18|1|1100|alpino_lc|725
T#wiki-1823.p.36.s.4|11|1|780|alpino_lc|568
T#wiki-1823.p.37.s.1|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|676
T#wiki-1823.p.38.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.1|14|1|970|alpino_lc|824
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.2|51|1|205690|alpino_lc|44669
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.4|12|1|130|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.5|61|1|85420|alpino_lc|11736
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.6|16|1|2380|alpino_lc|2146
T#wiki-1823.p.39.s.7|20|1|3590|alpino_lc|3456
T#wiki-1823.p.40.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.1|14|1|200|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.2|17|1|1430|alpino_lc|770
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.3|44|1|5020|alpino_lc|984
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.4|21|1|18160|alpino_lc|3163
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.5|19|1|340|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.6|26|1|750|alpino_lc|356
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.7|9|1|220|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.8|10|1|370|alpino_lc|251
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.9|11|1|420|alpino_lc|304
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.10|28|1|13790|alpino_lc|18031
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.11|34|1|7500|alpino_lc|3202
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.12|20|1|1220|alpino_lc|1227
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.13|58|1|181160|alpino_lc|21248
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.14|22|1|870|alpino_lc|565
T#wiki-1823.p.41.s.15|27|1|8610|alpino_lc|1580
T#wiki-1823.p.42.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.1|17|1|18950|alpino_lc|12476
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.2|10|1|880|alpino_lc|573
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.3|11|1|300|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.4|23|1|1070|alpino_lc|364
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.5|12|1|530|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.6|25|1|26790|alpino_lc|14668
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.7|15|1|1160|alpino_lc|489
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.8|27|1|12480|alpino_lc|5607
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.9|33|1|55800|alpino_lc|8458
T#wiki-1823.p.43.s.10|26|1|6210|alpino_lc|1497
T#wiki-1823.p.44.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.4|6|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.5|4|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.6|5|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.7|5|1|70|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.8|4|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.9|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1823.p.45.s.10|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1823.p.46.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1823.p.47.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.47.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-1823.p.48.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.3|2|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.6|2|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1823.p.49.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1846.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1846.p.2.s.1|9|1|510|alpino_lc|258
T#wiki-1846.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1846.p.4.s.1|47|1|20380|alpino_lc|3564
T#wiki-1846.p.4.s.2|28|1|12690|alpino_lc|4657
T#wiki-1846.p.4.s.3|12|1|120|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1846.p.5.s.1|22|1|8030|alpino_lc|1941
T#wiki-1846.p.5.s.2|31|1|19210|alpino_lc|13418
T#wiki-1846.p.5.s.3|30|1|14520|alpino_lc|3666
T#wiki-1846.p.6.s.1|11|1|390|alpino_lc|369
T#wiki-1846.p.6.s.2|18|1|1210|alpino_lc|635
T#wiki-1846.p.6.s.3|16|1|560|alpino_lc|630
T#wiki-1846.p.6.s.4|22|1|12900|alpino_lc|7494
T#wiki-1846.p.6.s.5|25|1|15500|alpino_lc|5319
T#wiki-1846.p.7.s.1|28|1|1390|alpino_lc|840
T#wiki-1846.p.8.s.1|32|1|8420|alpino_lc|4797
T#wiki-1846.p.8.s.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1846.p.8.s.3|14|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-1846.p.9.s.1|27|1|17300|alpino_lc|7119
T#wiki-1846.p.9.s.2|18|1|450|alpino_lc|415
T#wiki-1846.p.9.s.3|16|1|350|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-1846.p.10.s.1|38|1|13330|alpino_lc|6089
T#wiki-1846.p.10.s.2|22|1|560|alpino_lc|320
T#wiki-1846.p.10.s.3|17|1|280|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-1846.p.10.s.4|53|1|30830|alpino_lc|10277
T#wiki-1846.p.11.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-1846.p.11.s.2|20|1|1770|alpino_lc|943
T#wiki-1846.p.11.s.3|10|1|360|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-1846.p.12.s.1|18|1|570|alpino_lc|331
T#wiki-1846.p.12.s.2|27|1|2120|alpino_lc|680
T#wiki-1846.p.12.s.3|17|1|790|alpino_lc|242
T#wiki-1846.p.13.s.1|23|1|1210|alpino_lc|314
T#wiki-1846.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1846.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.16.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.17.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-1846.p.18.s.1|72|1|600|alpino_lc|123
T#wiki-1846.p.18.s.2|39|1|10120|alpino_lc|2273
T#wiki-1846.p.19.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1846.p.20.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1846.p.20.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1928.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1928.p.2.s.1|19|1|1540|alpino_lc|779
T#wiki-1928.p.2.s.2_3_4|19|1|2920|alpino_lc|1757
T#wiki-1928.p.2.s.5|7|1|510|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-1928.p.3.s.1|28|1|920|alpino_lc|192
T#wiki-1928.p.3.s.2|17|1|130|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1928.p.3.s.3|30|1|17220|alpino_lc|2453
T#wiki-1928.p.4.s.1|20|1|15450|alpino_lc|8776
T#wiki-1928.p.4.s.2|23|1|620|alpino_lc|281
T#wiki-1928.p.4.s.3|12|1|630|alpino_lc|413
T#wiki-1928.p.4.s.4|11|1|220|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-1928.p.4.s.5|14|1|360|alpino_lc|246
T#wiki-1928.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.1|9|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.4|10|1|100|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.5|26|1|1530|alpino_lc|525
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.6|8|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.7|9|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.8|8|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.9|7|1|90|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.10|7|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.11|12|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.12|8|1|150|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.13|7|1|70|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.14|8|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.15|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.16|9|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.17|8|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.18|11|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.19|7|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.20|7|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.21|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.22|14|1|240|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.23|18|1|330|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.24|16|1|260|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.25|8|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.26|7|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.27|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.28|10|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.29|10|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.30|9|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-1928.p.6.s.31|7|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-1928.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.1|34|1|1510|alpino_lc|545
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.2|19|1|360|alpino_lc|121
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.3|11|1|430|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.4|20|1|1150|alpino_lc|491
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.5|12|1|280|alpino_lc|191
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.6|11|1|320|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-1928.p.8.s.7|11|1|320|alpino_lc|479
T#wiki-1928.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1928.p.10.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1941.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.2.s.1|30|1|580|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-1941.p.2.s.2|14|1|320|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-1941.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.4.s.1|13|1|600|alpino_lc|267
T#wiki-1941.p.4.s.2|32|1|7740|alpino_lc|2183
T#wiki-1941.p.4.s.3|12|1|970|alpino_lc|468
T#wiki-1941.p.4.s.4|19|1|2150|alpino_lc|1233
T#wiki-1941.p.5.s.1|31|1|6430|alpino_lc|3546
T#wiki-1941.p.5.s.2|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|422
T#wiki-1941.p.6.s.1|18|1|3140|alpino_lc|3114
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.1|17|1|440|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.2|36|1|6310|alpino_lc|4602
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.3|10|1|1260|alpino_lc|633
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.5|30|1|960|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.6|18|1|880|alpino_lc|204
T#wiki-1941.p.7.s.7|17|1|460|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-1941.p.8.s.1|25|1|810|alpino_lc|715
T#wiki-1941.p.8.s.2|16|1|480|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-1941.p.9.s.1|13|1|650|alpino_lc|495
T#wiki-1941.p.10.s.1|18|1|570|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-1941.p.10.s.2|11|1|320|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-1941.p.11.s.1|3|1|120|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-1941.p.12.s.1|11|1|660|alpino_lc|434
T#wiki-1941.p.12.s.2|35|1|1270|alpino_lc|701
T#wiki-1941.p.12.s.3|12|1|140|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1941.p.13.s.1|13|1|1950|alpino_lc|1441
T#wiki-1941.p.13.s.2|23|1|1730|alpino_lc|806
T#wiki-1941.p.13.s.3|10|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-1941.p.13.s.4|32|1|15390|alpino_lc|6680
T#wiki-1941.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.15.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|108
T#wiki-1941.p.15.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-1941.p.15.s.3|21|1|3020|alpino_lc|3952
T#wiki-1941.p.15.s.4|40|1|19830|alpino_lc|2132
T#wiki-1941.p.16.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1941.p.16.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1941.p.16.s.3|15|1|2080|alpino_lc|1588
T#wiki-1941.p.16.s.4|32|1|2820|alpino_lc|1474
T#wiki-1941.p.16.s.5|12|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-1941.p.17.s.1|42|1|2020|alpino_lc|386
T#wiki-1941.p.18.s.1|29|1|7100|alpino_lc|1077
T#wiki-1941.p.18.s.2|21|1|2920|alpino_lc|1397
T#wiki-1941.p.19.s.1|19|1|460|alpino_lc|163
T#wiki-1941.p.19.s.2|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|1117
T#wiki-1941.p.19.s.3|22|1|1530|alpino_lc|833
T#wiki-1941.p.19.s.4|22|1|12770|alpino_lc|4991
T#wiki-1941.p.20.s.1|15|1|1000|alpino_lc|502
T#wiki-1941.p.20.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-1941.p.20.s.3|30|1|14310|alpino_lc|5354
T#wiki-1941.p.21.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.2|38|1|41210|alpino_lc|45046
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.4|30|1|8640|alpino_lc|2549
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.5|12|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.6|14|1|190|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.7|7|1|120|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.8|14|1|360|alpino_lc|491
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.9|22|1|530|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-1941.p.22.s.10|12|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-1941.p.23.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.24.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1941.p.25.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-1941.p.26.s.1|13|1|340|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-1941.p.27.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-1941.p.28.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|130
T#wiki-1941.p.28.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1941.p.29.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1941.p.30.s.1|15|1|1260|alpino_lc|640
T#wiki-1941.p.30.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1941.p.31.s.1|11|1|650|alpino_lc|383
T#wiki-1941.p.32.s.1|12|1|510|alpino_lc|209
T#wiki-1941.p.33.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-1941.p.33.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1941.p.34.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|303
T#wiki-1941.p.35.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-1941.p.36.s.1|11|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-1941.p.37.s.1|12|1|150|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-1941.p.37.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-1941.p.38.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.39.s.1|9|1|330|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-1941.p.39.s.2|4|1|70|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1941.p.39.s.3|8|1|220|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-1941.p.40.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.3|8|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.4|16|1|170|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.5|27|1|1440|alpino_lc|519
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.6|9|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.7|7|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.8|7|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.9|8|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.10|8|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.11|8|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.12|8|1|130|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.13|59|1|7060|alpino_lc|6243
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.14|6|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-1941.p.41.s.15|24|1|4010|alpino_lc|1787
T#wiki-1941.p.42.s.1|4|1|120|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-1941.p.43.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-1941.p.44.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.1|17|1|330|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.2|18|1|420|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.3|15|1|280|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.4|14|1|300|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.5|13|1|160|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.6|17|1|220|alpino_lc|118
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.7|12|1|100|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.8|14|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.9|11|1|120|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.10|16|1|730|alpino_lc|274
T#wiki-1941.p.45.s.11|13|1|100|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-1941.p.46.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-1941.p.47.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-204.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-204.p.2.s.1|24|1|8790|alpino_lc|6096
T#wiki-204.p.2.s.2|18|1|1670|alpino_lc|934
T#wiki-204.p.2.s.3|39|1|3780|alpino_lc|1149
T#wiki-204.p.3.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.8|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.9|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.10|5|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.13|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.14|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.15|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.17|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.4.s.18|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.7|6|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.8|6|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.11|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.12|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.13|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.14|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.15|5|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.16|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.17|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.5.s.18|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.7|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.8|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.9|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.6.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-204.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-204.p.8.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-208.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.2.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-208.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.1|19|1|1020|alpino_lc|989
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.2.1|11|1|200|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.2.2|16|1|970|alpino_lc|294
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.3|17|1|250|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.4|16|1|370|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.5|16|1|600|alpino_lc|354
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.6|13|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.7|16|1|380|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-208.p.4.s.8|21|1|1490|alpino_lc|747
T#wiki-208.p.5.s.1|22|1|2020|alpino_lc|1692
T#wiki-208.p.5.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-208.p.5.s.3|18|1|350|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-208.p.5.s.4|13|1|200|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-208.p.5.s.5|19|1|2050|alpino_lc|809
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.1|22|1|1210|alpino_lc|383
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.2|15|1|510|alpino_lc|489
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.4|16|1|890|alpino_lc|532
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.5|21|1|2270|alpino_lc|1317
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.6|19|1|1980|alpino_lc|1642
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.7|9|1|370|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-208.p.6.s.8|19|1|550|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-208.p.7.s.1|5|1|160|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-208.p.8.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-208.p.9.s.1|28|1|4440|alpino_lc|1642
T#wiki-208.p.9.s.2|23|1|980|alpino_lc|551
T#wiki-208.p.9.s.3|18|1|2430|alpino_lc|2971
T#wiki-208.p.9.s.4|22|1|560|alpino_lc|393
T#wiki-208.p.9.s.5|30|1|3250|alpino_lc|693
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.1|22|1|14680|alpino_lc|7215
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.2|20|1|640|alpino_lc|312
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.3|24|1|480|alpino_lc|212
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.4|15|1|170|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.5|17|1|1230|alpino_lc|239
T#wiki-208.p.10.s.6|14|1|770|alpino_lc|191
T#wiki-208.p.11.s.1|21|1|980|alpino_lc|401
T#wiki-208.p.11.s.2|19|1|1130|alpino_lc|348
T#wiki-208.p.11.s.3|30|1|10560|alpino_lc|5555
T#wiki-208.p.11.s.4|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|509
T#wiki-208.p.11.s.5|20|1|19380|alpino_lc|21792
T#wiki-208.p.12.s.1|18|1|1480|alpino_lc|752
T#wiki-208.p.12.s.2|26|1|2030|alpino_lc|562
T#wiki-208.p.13.s.1|7|1|540|alpino_lc|531
T#wiki-208.p.14.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-208.p.15.s.1|32|1|1680|alpino_lc|550
T#wiki-208.p.15.s.2|26|1|3670|alpino_lc|1997
T#wiki-208.p.15.s.3|16|1|1380|alpino_lc|652
T#wiki-208.p.16.s.1|22|1|510|alpino_lc|152
T#wiki-208.p.16.s.2|26|1|6650|alpino_lc|1129
T#wiki-208.p.16.s.3|15|1|160|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-208.p.16.s.4|17|1|1810|alpino_lc|1339
T#wiki-208.p.16.s.5|14|1|610|alpino_lc|395
T#wiki-208.p.17.s.1|22|1|16800|alpino_lc|12425
T#wiki-208.p.17.s.2|26|1|530|alpino_lc|344
T#wiki-208.p.17.s.3|28|1|1460|alpino_lc|1260
T#wiki-208.p.17.s.4|17|1|280|alpino_lc|182
T#wiki-208.p.18.s.1|17|1|1730|alpino_lc|524
T#wiki-208.p.18.s.2|17|1|740|alpino_lc|271
T#wiki-208.p.18.s.3|14|1|260|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-208.p.18.s.4|31|1|850|alpino_lc|481
T#wiki-208.p.19.s.1|11|1|1530|alpino_lc|1017
T#wiki-208.p.20.s.1|7|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-208.p.21.s.1|37|1|5410|alpino_lc|1691
T#wiki-208.p.21.s.2|10|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-208.p.21.s.3|11|1|330|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-208.p.21.s.4|11|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-208.p.22.s.1|34|1|1340|alpino_lc|428
T#wiki-208.p.22.s.2|24|1|1760|alpino_lc|1400
T#wiki-208.p.22.s.3|22|1|7020|alpino_lc|779
T#wiki-208.p.22.s.4|18|1|300|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-208.p.23.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.1|16|1|1190|alpino_lc|746
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.2|15|1|790|alpino_lc|470
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.3|31|1|1580|alpino_lc|1329
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.4|22|1|3240|alpino_lc|1171
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.5|13|1|350|alpino_lc|132
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.6|25|1|1940|alpino_lc|945
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.7|30|1|10510|alpino_lc|1511
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.8|33|1|1710|alpino_lc|503
T#wiki-208.p.24.s.9|30|1|3960|alpino_lc|1441
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.1|17|1|340|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.2|28|1|4410|alpino_lc|1165
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.4|9|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.5|10|1|110|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.6|10|1|400|alpino_lc|326
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.7|13|1|1400|alpino_lc|1360
T#wiki-208.p.25.s.8|16|1|200|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-208.p.26.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-208.p.27.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.28.s.1|12|1|260|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-208.p.28.s.2|20|1|600|alpino_lc|253
T#wiki-208.p.28.s.3|32|1|5560|alpino_lc|793
T#wiki-208.p.29.s.1|24|1|20770|alpino_lc|11511
T#wiki-208.p.29.s.2|10|1|390|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-208.p.29.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|212
T#wiki-208.p.29.s.4|10|1|260|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-208.p.29.s.5|11|1|220|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-208.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.31.s.1|11|1|1690|alpino_lc|709
T#wiki-208.p.32.s.1.1|10|1|350|alpino_lc|174
T#wiki-208.p.32.s.1.2|21|1|1350|alpino_lc|701
T#wiki-208.p.33.s.1|23|1|4820|alpino_lc|744
T#wiki-208.p.33.s.2|39|1|1670|alpino_lc|798
T#wiki-208.p.33.s.3|25|1|3820|alpino_lc|464
T#wiki-208.p.34.s.1|22|1|1970|alpino_lc|886
T#wiki-208.p.35.s.1|11|1|530|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-208.p.35.s.2|26|1|6670|alpino_lc|3246
T#wiki-208.p.35.s.3|45|1|1670|alpino_lc|558
T#wiki-208.p.36.s.1|23|1|710|alpino_lc|592
T#wiki-208.p.36.s.2|27|1|350|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-208.p.37.s.1|6|1|410|alpino_lc|267
T#wiki-208.p.38.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.1|16|1|510|alpino_lc|410
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.2|19|1|440|alpino_lc|310
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.3|20|1|720|alpino_lc|455
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.4|18|1|3180|alpino_lc|705
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.5|10|1|300|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.6|18|1|460|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.7|28|1|5600|alpino_lc|1878
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.8|19|1|460|alpino_lc|312
T#wiki-208.p.39.s.9|14|1|310|alpino_lc|326
T#wiki-208.p.40.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.1|26|1|990|alpino_lc|684
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.2|18|1|2290|alpino_lc|1219
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.3|15|1|750|alpino_lc|479
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.4|22|1|490|alpino_lc|230
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.5|26|1|2590|alpino_lc|1215
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.6|23|1|420|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-208.p.41.s.7|11|1|190|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-208.p.42.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.43.s.1|12|1|2020|alpino_lc|1195
T#wiki-208.p.43.s.2|17|1|800|alpino_lc|466
T#wiki-208.p.43.s.3|16|1|740|alpino_lc|856
T#wiki-208.p.43.s.4|18|1|500|alpino_lc|286
T#wiki-208.p.43.s.5|20|1|2140|alpino_lc|1888
T#wiki-208.p.44.s.1|27|1|18900|alpino_lc|18161
T#wiki-208.p.44.s.2|20|1|1600|alpino_lc|1038
T#wiki-208.p.45.s.2|22|1|1950|alpino_lc|1029
T#wiki-208.p.46.s.1|31|1|1840|alpino_lc|1262
T#wiki-208.p.46.s.2|7|1|150|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-208.p.46.s.3|35|1|50890|alpino_lc|19652
T#wiki-208.p.46.s.4|19|1|230|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-208.p.47.s.1|23|1|1570|alpino_lc|262
T#wiki-208.p.47.s.2|14|1|220|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-208.p.47.s.3|17|1|1210|alpino_lc|747
T#wiki-208.p.47.s.4|19|1|940|alpino_lc|160
T#wiki-208.p.48.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-208.p.49.s.1|17|1|280|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-208.p.49.s.2|21|1|570|alpino_lc|317
T#wiki-208.p.49.s.3|20|1|380|alpino_lc|277
T#wiki-208.p.49.s.4|8|1|260|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-208.p.50.s.1|38|1|9450|alpino_lc|5475
T#wiki-208.p.50.s.2|21|1|9980|alpino_lc|5445
T#wiki-208.p.51.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.52.s.1|27|1|1270|alpino_lc|420
T#wiki-208.p.52.s.2|22|1|970|alpino_lc|438
T#wiki-208.p.52.s.3|18|1|720|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-208.p.52.s.4|9|1|180|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-208.p.52.s.5|30|1|1290|alpino_lc|664
T#wiki-208.p.53.s.1|18|1|820|alpino_lc|373
T#wiki-208.p.54.s.2|19|1|880|alpino_lc|873
T#wiki-208.p.54.s.3|26|1|710|alpino_lc|329
T#wiki-208.p.54.s.4|16|1|1040|alpino_lc|1792
T#wiki-208.p.55.s.1|10|1|360|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-208.p.56.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.1|20|1|2780|alpino_lc|2516
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.2.1|22|1|2100|alpino_lc|1594
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.2.2|13|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.3|19|1|1570|alpino_lc|693
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.4|10|1|230|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.5|12|1|220|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-208.p.57.s.6|22|1|330|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-208.p.58.s.1|23|1|300|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-208.p.58.s.2|19|1|1640|alpino_lc|1280
T#wiki-208.p.58.s.3|30|1|4710|alpino_lc|2420
T#wiki-208.p.58.s.4|16|1|1180|alpino_lc|481
T#wiki-208.p.59.s.2|22|1|2100|alpino_lc|540
T#wiki-208.p.59.s.3|27|1|5350|alpino_lc|1550
T#wiki-208.p.59.s.4|18|1|1030|alpino_lc|440
T#wiki-208.p.59.s.5|12|1|1460|alpino_lc|695
T#wiki-208.p.59.s.6|24|1|820|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-208.p.60.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-208.p.61.s.1|17|1|6000|alpino_lc|2528
T#wiki-208.p.61.s.2|24|1|2560|alpino_lc|1401
T#wiki-208.p.61.s.3|27|1|1300|alpino_lc|453
T#wiki-208.p.61.s.4|15|1|320|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-208.p.61.s.5|20|1|2040|alpino_lc|1031
T#wiki-208.p.62.s.1|29|1|19290|alpino_lc|11513
T#wiki-208.p.62.s.2|38|1|18020|alpino_lc|11395
T#wiki-208.p.62.s.3|16|1|370|alpino_lc|193
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.1|19|1|8320|alpino_lc|7478
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.3|15|1|290|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.4|32|1|15070|alpino_lc|2137
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.5|30|1|13090|alpino_lc|1388
T#wiki-208.p.63.s.6|11|1|340|alpino_lc|238
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.1|18|1|1710|alpino_lc|824
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.2|19|1|550|alpino_lc|247
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.3|9|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.4|15|1|1250|alpino_lc|562
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.5|15|1|380|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-208.p.64.s.6|27|1|910|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-208.p.65.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-208.p.66.s.1|17|1|5530|alpino_lc|2115
T#wiki-208.p.66.s.2|32|1|21900|alpino_lc|8214
T#wiki-208.p.66.s.3|28|1|7260|alpino_lc|5267
T#wiki-208.p.66.s.4|11|1|830|alpino_lc|396
T#wiki-208.p.66.s.5|12|1|880|alpino_lc|680
T#wiki-208.p.67.s.1|21|1|6970|alpino_lc|2138
T#wiki-208.p.67.s.2|20|1|1580|alpino_lc|658
T#wiki-208.p.67.s.3|12|1|410|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-208.p.68.s.1|28|1|500|alpino_lc|259
T#wiki-208.p.69.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.1|12|1|760|alpino_lc|535
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.2|19|1|320|alpino_lc|137
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.3|12|1|540|alpino_lc|359
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.4|17|1|430|alpino_lc|120
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.5|19|1|1740|alpino_lc|837
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.6|16|1|1220|alpino_lc|445
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.7|20|1|1980|alpino_lc|1025
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.8|17|1|920|alpino_lc|405
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.9|21|1|830|alpino_lc|337
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.10|23|1|1420|alpino_lc|792
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.11|28|1|18680|alpino_lc|3461
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.12|14|1|340|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.13|15|1|2450|alpino_lc|838
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.14|26|1|2270|alpino_lc|1531
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.15|29|1|2480|alpino_lc|1580
T#wiki-208.p.70.s.16|14|1|710|alpino_lc|482
T#wiki-208.p.71.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.1|17|1|880|alpino_lc|666
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.2|33|1|14080|alpino_lc|3603
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.3|28|1|2300|alpino_lc|1238
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.4|18|1|300|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.5|17|1|370|alpino_lc|192
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.6|27|1|4190|alpino_lc|1474
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.7|15|1|340|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.8|38|1|6700|alpino_lc|1705
T#wiki-208.p.72.s.9|13|1|290|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-208.p.73.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.74.s.1|18|1|1320|alpino_lc|483
T#wiki-208.p.74.s.2|49|1|103790|alpino_lc|27192
T#wiki-208.p.74.s.3|22|1|1250|alpino_lc|766
T#wiki-208.p.74.s.4|42|1|7000|alpino_lc|2386
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|282
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.2|16|1|490|alpino_lc|450
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.3|21|1|510|alpino_lc|160
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.4|16|1|2290|alpino_lc|2167
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.5|16|1|290|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-208.p.75.s.6|35|1|2910|alpino_lc|670
T#wiki-208.p.76.s.1|22|1|1100|alpino_lc|322
T#wiki-208.p.76.s.2|14|1|520|alpino_lc|619
T#wiki-208.p.76.s.3|15|1|280|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-208.p.77.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-208.p.78.s.1|19|1|1610|alpino_lc|988
T#wiki-208.p.78.s.2|19|1|310|alpino_lc|134
T#wiki-208.p.78.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-208.p.78.s.4|22|1|340|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-208.p.79.s.1|18|1|620|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-208.p.79.s.2|19|1|480|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-208.p.79.s.3|22|1|8990|alpino_lc|3909
T#wiki-208.p.79.s.4|15|1|570|alpino_lc|459
T#wiki-208.p.80.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-208.p.81.s.1|11|1|370|alpino_lc|280
T#wiki-208.p.81.s.2|41|1|2640|alpino_lc|378
T#wiki-208.p.81.s.3|16|1|710|alpino_lc|519
T#wiki-208.p.81.s.4|22|1|3950|alpino_lc|1052
T#wiki-208.p.82.s.1|11|1|540|alpino_lc|279
T#wiki-208.p.82.s.2|17|1|2330|alpino_lc|1442
T#wiki-208.p.82.s.3|20|1|870|alpino_lc|558
T#wiki-208.p.83.s.1|13|1|1250|alpino_lc|639
T#wiki-208.p.83.s.2|19|1|2110|alpino_lc|743
T#wiki-208.p.84.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-208.p.85.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-208.p.85.s.2|17|1|500|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-208.p.85.s.3|17|1|790|alpino_lc|437
T#wiki-208.p.85.s.4|20|1|550|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.1|42|1|37010|alpino_lc|30446
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.2|21|1|340|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.3|18|1|2090|alpino_lc|507
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.4|26|1|1180|alpino_lc|604
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.5|23|1|1710|alpino_lc|1566
T#wiki-208.p.86.s.6|18|1|910|alpino_lc|454
T#wiki-208.p.87.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-208.p.88.s.1|18|1|690|alpino_lc|312
T#wiki-208.p.88.s.2|23|1|2000|alpino_lc|774
T#wiki-208.p.88.s.3|16|1|310|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-208.p.88.s.4|13|1|140|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-208.p.89.s.1|40|1|12800|alpino_lc|6866
T#wiki-208.p.89.s.2|39|1|2920|alpino_lc|1331
T#wiki-208.p.90.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.91.s.1|21|1|510|alpino_lc|501
T#wiki-208.p.91.s.2|14|1|240|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-208.p.91.s.3|16|1|800|alpino_lc|402
T#wiki-208.p.92.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-208.p.93.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.1|21|1|1800|alpino_lc|1003
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.2|14|1|360|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.3|17|1|310|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.4|12|1|410|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.5|14|1|280|alpino_lc|177
T#wiki-208.p.94.s.6|49|1|5510|alpino_lc|1788
T#wiki-208.p.95.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.96.s.1|13|1|250|alpino_lc|250
T#wiki-208.p.96.s.2|17|1|1900|alpino_lc|1497
T#wiki-208.p.96.s.3|13|1|2010|alpino_lc|895
T#wiki-208.p.96.s.4|26|1|4780|alpino_lc|6178
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.1|15|1|320|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.2|13|1|300|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.3|23|1|6190|alpino_lc|3127
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.4|37|1|15420|alpino_lc|11805
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.5|18|1|1050|alpino_lc|770
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.6|18|1|740|alpino_lc|659
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.7|12|1|380|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-208.p.97.s.8|21|1|2270|alpino_lc|581
T#wiki-208.p.98.s.1|17|1|220|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-208.p.98.s.2|10|1|440|alpino_lc|171
T#wiki-208.p.98.s.3|22|1|340|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-208.p.99.s.1|26|1|12710|alpino_lc|3328
T#wiki-208.p.99.s.2|9|1|1010|alpino_lc|863
T#wiki-208.p.99.s.3|10|1|270|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-208.p.100.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-208.p.101.s.1|20|1|320|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-208.p.101.s.2|29|1|8330|alpino_lc|1761
T#wiki-208.p.101.s.3|12|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-208.p.102.s.1|25|1|6570|alpino_lc|2034
T#wiki-208.p.102.s.2|20|1|9430|alpino_lc|2570
T#wiki-208.p.103.s.1|33|1|6070|alpino_lc|1187
T#wiki-208.p.103.s.2|22|1|530|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-208.p.104.s.1|22|1|860|alpino_lc|441
T#wiki-208.p.105.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-208.p.106.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.106.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-208.p.106.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-208.p.106.s.4|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-209.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-209.p.1.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-209.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.2|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.7|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.8|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.9|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.3.s.10|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-209.p.4.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-295.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-295.p.2.s.1|17|1|160|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-295.p.2.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.3|33|1|6170|alpino_lc|2368
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.4|18|1|860|alpino_lc|852
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.5|14|1|180|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-295.p.3.s.6|21|1|750|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-295.p.4.s.1|22|1|23060|alpino_lc|4138
T#wiki-295.p.4.s.2|9|1|320|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-295.p.4.s.3|12|1|400|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-295.p.4.s.4|56|1|17080|alpino_lc|6342
T#wiki-295.p.4.s.5|46|1|5930|alpino_lc|2554
T#wiki-295.p.5.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-295.p.5.s.2|19|1|550|alpino_lc|252
T#wiki-295.p.5.s.3|34|1|31400|alpino_lc|16601
T#wiki-295.p.6.s.1|42|1|10250|alpino_lc|7213
T#wiki-295.p.6.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-295.p.6.s.3|17|1|920|alpino_lc|470
T#wiki-295.p.6.s.4|23|1|3800|alpino_lc|3277
T#wiki-295.p.6.s.5|33|1|254500|alpino_lc|82526
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.1|18|1|580|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.4|14|1|1000|alpino_lc|361
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.5|8|1|830|alpino_lc|217
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.6|21|1|1810|alpino_lc|412
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.7|12|1|330|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.8|28|1|2210|alpino_lc|974
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.9|26|1|22490|alpino_lc|5053
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.10|19|1|2320|alpino_lc|1690
T#wiki-295.p.7.s.11|19|1|5150|alpino_lc|2765
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.1|33|1|28450|alpino_lc|5526
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.2|23|1|940|alpino_lc|481
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.3|19|1|3670|alpino_lc|2060
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.4|21|1|6630|alpino_lc|4424
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.5|11|1|210|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.6|11|1|530|alpino_lc|547
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.7|14|1|310|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.8|21|1|580|alpino_lc|193
T#wiki-295.p.8.s.9|56|1|23410|alpino_lc|14360
T#wiki-295.p.9.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-295.p.9.s.2|17|1|580|alpino_lc|528
T#wiki-295.p.9.s.3|36|1|930|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-295.p.9.s.4|21|1|610|alpino_lc|379
T#wiki-295.p.9.s.5|32|1|18210|alpino_lc|4283
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.1|15|1|1430|alpino_lc|902
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.2|15|1|640|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.3|14|1|770|alpino_lc|152
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.4|9|1|130|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.5|29|1|14860|alpino_lc|7836
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.6|11|1|510|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.7|14|1|650|alpino_lc|449
T#wiki-295.p.10.s.8|18|1|3710|alpino_lc|1629
T#wiki-295.p.11.s.1|17|1|2780|alpino_lc|852
T#wiki-295.p.11.s.2|21|1|3500|alpino_lc|2916
T#wiki-295.p.11.s.3|21|1|760|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-295.p.12.s.1|29|1|990|alpino_lc|293
T#wiki-295.p.12.s.2|23|1|610|alpino_lc|283
T#wiki-295.p.12.s.3|32|1|22630|alpino_lc|18150
T#wiki-295.p.12.s.4|11|1|280|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-295.p.12.s.5|11|1|290|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-295.p.13.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-295.p.13.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-295.p.13.s.3|14|1|430|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-295.p.13.s.4|17|1|2180|alpino_lc|1417
T#wiki-334.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-334.p.2.s.1|29|1|26910|alpino_lc|4943
T#wiki-334.p.3.s.1|24|1|1300|alpino_lc|554
T#wiki-334.p.4.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-334.p.5.s.1|11|1|550|alpino_lc|330
T#wiki-334.p.5.s.2|70|1|890|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-334.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-334.p.7.s.1|15|1|610|alpino_lc|255
T#wiki-334.p.7.s.2|20|1|2520|alpino_lc|1649
T#wiki-334.p.7.s.3|11|1|1190|alpino_lc|556
T#wiki-334.p.8.s.1|18|1|1460|alpino_lc|588
T#wiki-334.p.8.s.2|15|1|3080|alpino_lc|864
T#wiki-334.p.8.s.3|10|1|250|alpino_lc|108
T#wiki-334.p.9.s.1|28|1|1320|alpino_lc|424
T#wiki-334.p.9.s.2|26|1|1960|alpino_lc|807
T#wiki-334.p.9.s.3|8|1|230|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-334.p.10.s.1|19|1|1330|alpino_lc|1010
T#wiki-334.p.10.s.2|10|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-334.p.10.s.3|13|1|840|alpino_lc|369
T#wiki-334.p.11.s.1|23|1|15010|alpino_lc|5241
T#wiki-334.p.11.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|157
T#wiki-334.p.11.s.3|21|1|5570|alpino_lc|6689
T#wiki-334.p.11.s.4|37|1|6620|alpino_lc|1965
T#wiki-334.p.11.s.5|23|1|2140|alpino_lc|929
T#wiki-334.p.12.s.1|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|531
T#wiki-334.p.12.s.2|27|1|2650|alpino_lc|2344
T#wiki-334.p.13.s.1|18|1|1440|alpino_lc|623
T#wiki-334.p.13.s.2|14|1|510|alpino_lc|367
T#wiki-334.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-334.p.15.s.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|221
T#wiki-334.p.15.s.2|8|1|590|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-334.p.15.s.3|33|1|12340|alpino_lc|4476
T#wiki-334.p.16.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-334.p.17.s.1|11|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-334.p.17.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-334.p.17.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-334.p.17.s.4|9|1|100|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-334.p.18.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-334.p.19.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-334.p.20.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-334.p.21.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-334.p.22.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-334.p.22.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-342.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-342.p.2.s.1|18|1|600|alpino_lc|193
T#wiki-342.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-342.p.4.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.1|16|1|310|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.3|12|1|150|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.4|17|1|1350|alpino_lc|263
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.5|18|1|750|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.6|15|1|410|alpino_lc|160
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.7|11|1|510|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.8|16|1|380|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.9|14|1|470|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.10|24|1|1030|alpino_lc|367
T#wiki-342.p.5.s.11|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-342.p.6.s.1|21|1|9510|alpino_lc|3354
T#wiki-342.p.7.s.1|13|1|580|alpino_lc|377
T#wiki-342.p.7.s.2|25|1|1910|alpino_lc|1176
T#wiki-342.p.8.s.1|14|1|140|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-342.p.8.s.2|14|1|1760|alpino_lc|1011
T#wiki-342.p.9.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-342.p.10.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-342.p.10.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.2.s.1|17|1|3060|alpino_lc|1955
T#wiki-349.p.2.s.2|29|1|3590|alpino_lc|774
T#wiki-349.p.3.s.1|17|1|5280|alpino_lc|2947
T#wiki-349.p.3.s.2|29|1|930|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-349.p.4.s.1|20|1|1270|alpino_lc|582
T#wiki-349.p.4.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-349.p.5.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-349.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.7.s.1|18|1|1560|alpino_lc|732
T#wiki-349.p.7.s.2|15|1|950|alpino_lc|370
T#wiki-349.p.7.s.3|27|1|1200|alpino_lc|402
T#wiki-349.p.8.s.1|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|357
T#wiki-349.p.8.s.2|24|1|880|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-349.p.8.s.3|13|1|1150|alpino_lc|696
T#wiki-349.p.9.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-349.p.9.s.2|11|1|230|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-349.p.9.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-349.p.9.s.4|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-349.p.10.s.1|40|1|17460|alpino_lc|3672
T#wiki-349.p.11.s.1|24|1|3810|alpino_lc|1312
T#wiki-349.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.13.s.1|29|1|3390|alpino_lc|604
T#wiki-349.p.13.s.2|15|1|350|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-349.p.13.s.3|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|605
T#wiki-349.p.14.s.1|12|1|370|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-349.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.16.s.1|11|1|740|alpino_lc|517
T#wiki-349.p.16.s.2|17|1|370|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-349.p.16.s.3|15|1|200|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-349.p.16.s.4|13|1|240|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-349.p.16.s.5|13|1|280|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-349.p.17.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-349.p.18.s.1|18|1|810|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-349.p.19.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-349.p.19.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-349.p.19.s.3|18|1|340|alpino_lc|237
T#wiki-349.p.20.s.1|41|1|14070|alpino_lc|3195
T#wiki-349.p.20.s.2|17|1|1350|alpino_lc|1150
T#wiki-349.p.20.s.3|23|1|1170|alpino_lc|530
T#wiki-349.p.21.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-349.p.22.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-349.p.22.s.2|16|1|730|alpino_lc|268
T#wiki-349.p.22.s.3|14|1|260|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-349.p.23.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|117
T#wiki-349.p.23.s.2|14|1|290|alpino_lc|180
T#wiki-349.p.23.s.3|10|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-349.p.23.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-349.p.24.s.1|1|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.25.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|181
T#wiki-349.p.25.s.2|7|1|320|alpino_lc|146
T#wiki-349.p.26.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-349.p.27.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-349.p.28.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.28.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-349.p.29.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.29.s.2|11|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-349.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.30.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-349.p.31.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.31.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-349.p.32.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-349.p.33.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.33.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-349.p.34.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.34.s.2|10|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-349.p.35.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.35.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-349.p.36.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.36.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-349.p.37.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.37.s.2|12|1|290|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-349.p.38.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|237
T#wiki-349.p.38.s.2|10|1|490|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-349.p.39.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-349.p.40.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-349.p.41.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-349.p.42.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-349.p.42.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-356.p.1.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-356.p.2.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-356.p.2.s.2|22|1|1470|alpino_lc|233
T#wiki-356.p.2.s.3|16|1|650|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-356.p.2.s.4|8|1|450|alpino_lc|317
T#wiki-356.p.3.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.3|16|1|400|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.5|10|1|220|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.6|8|1|70|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.7|18|1|430|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.8|10|1|320|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.9|9|1|270|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-356.p.4.s.10|15|1|360|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-356.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-356.p.6.s.1|31|1|3010|alpino_lc|2944
T#wiki-356.p.7.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-356.p.7.s.2|24|1|640|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-356.p.7.s.3|15|1|330|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-356.p.8.s.1|23|1|1590|alpino_lc|952
T#wiki-356.p.9.s.1|18|1|200|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-356.p.9.s.2|24|1|2310|alpino_lc|1210
T#wiki-356.p.10.s.1|22|1|1030|alpino_lc|869
T#wiki-356.p.11.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-356.p.12.s.1|1|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-356.p.13.s.1|10|1|880|alpino_lc|271
T#wiki-356.p.13.s.2|25|1|1120|alpino_lc|362
T#wiki-356.p.14.s.1|15|1|1170|alpino_lc|686
T#wiki-356.p.14.s.2|43|1|9390|alpino_lc|4837
T#wiki-356.p.15.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-356.p.16.s.1|37|1|2970|alpino_lc|640
T#wiki-356.p.16.s.2|38|1|42050|alpino_lc|8869
T#wiki-356.p.17.s.1|3|1|70|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-356.p.18.s.1|12|1|770|alpino_lc|626
T#wiki-356.p.18.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-356.p.18.s.3.1|33|1|1750|alpino_lc|816
T#wiki-356.p.18.s.3.2|6|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-356.p.18.s.4|22|1|1580|alpino_lc|459
T#wiki-356.p.19.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-356.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-356.p.21.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-356.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-356.p.23.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-356.p.24.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-356.p.25.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-356.p.26.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-356.p.27.s.1|13|1|890|alpino_lc|336
T#wiki-356.p.27.s.2|33|1|9380|alpino_lc|5353
T#wiki-356.p.28.s.1.1|14|1|630|alpino_lc|382
T#wiki-356.p.28.s.1.2|24|1|2060|alpino_lc|496
T#wiki-356.p.28.s.2|9|1|540|alpino_lc|466
T#wiki-356.p.29.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-356.p.30.s.1|22|1|7270|alpino_lc|1696
T#wiki-356.p.30.s.2|12|1|710|alpino_lc|859
T#wiki-356.p.31.s.1|25|1|7000|alpino_lc|1004
T#wiki-356.p.31.s.2|7|1|190|alpino_lc|157
T#wiki-356.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-356.p.33.s.1|29|1|6810|alpino_lc|1982
T#wiki-3668.p.1.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3668.p.2.s.1|19|1|13170|alpino_lc|6073
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.1|33|1|2990|alpino_lc|1464
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.2|23|1|2420|alpino_lc|2294
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.3|31|1|2480|alpino_lc|597
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.4|18|1|530|alpino_lc|289
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.5|20|1|580|alpino_lc|440
T#wiki-3668.p.3.s.6|25|1|2710|alpino_lc|2035
T#wiki-3668.p.4.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.3|28|1|2080|alpino_lc|572
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.4|10|1|370|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.5|10|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.6|9|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-3668.p.5.s.7|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.8.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3668.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.10.s.1|17|1|520|alpino_lc|252
T#wiki-3668.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.13.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-3668.p.13.s.2|6|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-3668.p.14.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.14.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3668.p.14.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.14.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.15.s.1|11|1|880|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-3668.p.15.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3668.p.16.s.1|7|1|120|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-3668.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.5|13|1|440|alpino_lc|221
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.6|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.7|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.8|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.9|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.10|6|1|70|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-3668.p.18.s.11|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3668.p.19.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3668.p.20.s.1|10|1|340|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-3668.p.21.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3668.p.22.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3745.p.1.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3745.p.2.s.1|22|1|1080|alpino_lc|622
T#wiki-3745.p.2.s.2|21|1|7770|alpino_lc|2751
T#wiki-3745.p.2.s.3|12|1|260|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-3745.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.1|16|1|740|alpino_lc|412
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.2|14|1|600|alpino_lc|153
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.3|26|1|14630|alpino_lc|9322
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.4|17|1|550|alpino_lc|287
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.5|11|1|970|alpino_lc|530
T#wiki-3745.p.4.s.6|29|1|2000|alpino_lc|491
T#wiki-3745.p.5.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-3745.p.5.s.2|14|1|680|alpino_lc|429
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.1|40|1|26600|alpino_lc|4572
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.2|12|1|270|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.3|26|1|7170|alpino_lc|7234
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.4|14|1|720|alpino_lc|497
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.5|15|1|880|alpino_lc|473
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.6|18|1|980|alpino_lc|221
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.7|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-3745.p.6.s.8|11|1|490|alpino_lc|373
T#wiki-3745.p.7.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|216
T#wiki-3745.p.7.s.2|11|1|790|alpino_lc|631
T#wiki-3745.p.7.s.3|14|1|210|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-3745.p.7.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3745.p.8.s.1|24|1|1800|alpino_lc|672
T#wiki-3745.p.8.s.2|25|1|1360|alpino_lc|320
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.1|24|1|1420|alpino_lc|812
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.3|8|1|290|alpino_lc|130
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.4|31|1|8920|alpino_lc|4315
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.5|8|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.6|18|1|5460|alpino_lc|2720
T#wiki-3745.p.9.s.7|27|1|11650|alpino_lc|6972
T#wiki-3745.p.10.s.1|26|1|6430|alpino_lc|2174
T#wiki-3745.p.11.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.13.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.3|13|1|280|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.5|41|1|29520|alpino_lc|1155
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.6|4|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.7|15|1|780|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.8|4|1|50|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.9|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.10|8|1|70|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-3745.p.14.s.11|9|1|430|alpino_lc|485
T#wiki-3745.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.1|16|1|1070|alpino_lc|1258
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.2|17|1|10900|alpino_lc|3539
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.3|9|1|320|alpino_lc|128
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.4|8|1|690|alpino_lc|439
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.5|15|1|1270|alpino_lc|465
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.6|29|1|5710|alpino_lc|4361
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.7|16|1|14080|alpino_lc|3675
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.8|8|1|130|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.9|24|1|5790|alpino_lc|932
T#wiki-3745.p.16.s.10|13|1|1800|alpino_lc|1159
T#wiki-3745.p.17.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.18.s.1|12|1|860|alpino_lc|468
T#wiki-3745.p.18.s.2|33|1|5220|alpino_lc|1653
T#wiki-3745.p.18.s.3|30|1|23860|alpino_lc|12793
T#wiki-3745.p.18.s.4|10|1|660|alpino_lc|276
T#wiki-3745.p.19.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.1|26|1|1310|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.3|16|1|8070|alpino_lc|1916
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.4|12|1|590|alpino_lc|279
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.5|27|1|6460|alpino_lc|3831
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.6|11|1|210|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.7|26|1|9290|alpino_lc|3094
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.8|27|1|5340|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.9|30|1|48610|alpino_lc|23390
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.10|23|1|8170|alpino_lc|1694
T#wiki-3745.p.20.s.11|26|1|9040|alpino_lc|6552
T#wiki-3745.p.21.s.1|25|1|7380|alpino_lc|1269
T#wiki-3745.p.21.s.2|12|1|780|alpino_lc|651
T#wiki-3745.p.22.s.1|29|1|9100|alpino_lc|6087
T#wiki-3745.p.22.s.2|6|1|330|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-3745.p.23.s.1|22|1|1290|alpino_lc|355
T#wiki-3745.p.23.s.2|17|1|2510|alpino_lc|1215
T#wiki-3745.p.23.s.3|8|1|470|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-3745.p.24.s.1|22|1|6120|alpino_lc|2116
T#wiki-3745.p.24.s.2|41|1|20850|alpino_lc|8185
T#wiki-3745.p.25.s.1|28|1|3560|alpino_lc|1287
T#wiki-3745.p.25.s.2|31|1|1710|alpino_lc|249
T#wiki-3745.p.26.s.1|22|1|550|alpino_lc|123
T#wiki-3745.p.26.s.2|23|1|5330|alpino_lc|2490
T#wiki-3745.p.26.s.3|21|1|5620|alpino_lc|1488
T#wiki-3745.p.26.s.4|11|1|200|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-3745.p.27.s.1|6|1|170|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-3745.p.27.s.2|19|1|2140|alpino_lc|1433
T#wiki-3745.p.28.s.1|40|1|41560|alpino_lc|5327
T#wiki-3745.p.29.s.1|18|1|4210|alpino_lc|2137
T#wiki-3745.p.29.s.2|13|1|720|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-3745.p.29.s.3|37|1|12070|alpino_lc|3282
T#wiki-3745.p.29.s.4|36|1|37350|alpino_lc|17353
T#wiki-3745.p.29.s.5|24|1|3630|alpino_lc|622
T#wiki-3745.p.30.s.1|19|1|2850|alpino_lc|1932
T#wiki-3745.p.30.s.2|27|1|4570|alpino_lc|1048
T#wiki-3745.p.30.s.3|14|1|1460|alpino_lc|610
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.1|20|1|2070|alpino_lc|1052
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.2|22|1|10320|alpino_lc|4055
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.3|14|1|150|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.4|10|1|510|alpino_lc|406
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.5|8|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.6|14|1|740|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.7|14|1|1280|alpino_lc|967
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.8|13|1|1150|alpino_lc|1068
T#wiki-3745.p.31.s.9|19|1|3240|alpino_lc|1252
T#wiki-3745.p.32.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.33.s.1|24|1|30200|alpino_lc|10244
T#wiki-3745.p.34.s.1|18|1|1730|alpino_lc|1144
T#wiki-3745.p.34.s.2|18|1|1890|alpino_lc|1289
T#wiki-3745.p.34.s.3|12|1|210|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-3745.p.35.s.1|23|1|5080|alpino_lc|2475
T#wiki-3745.p.36.s.1|21|1|7170|alpino_lc|2681
T#wiki-3745.p.37.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.1|23|1|5410|alpino_lc|1948
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.2|14|1|260|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.3|17|1|6030|alpino_lc|2841
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.5|20|1|9370|alpino_lc|3310
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.6|13|1|540|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.7|15|1|500|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.8|14|1|410|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.9|16|1|630|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.10|12|1|200|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.11|16|1|1030|alpino_lc|562
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.12|10|1|360|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.13|14|1|600|alpino_lc|418
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.14|10|1|290|alpino_lc|217
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.15|25|1|5300|alpino_lc|4604
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.16|9|1|320|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-3745.p.38.s.17|9|1|400|alpino_lc|276
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.1|13|1|310|alpino_lc|150
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.2|14|1|1530|alpino_lc|1115
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.4|29|1|17070|alpino_lc|8680
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.5|16|1|4790|alpino_lc|4677
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.6|10|1|250|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-3745.p.39.s.7|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-3745.p.40.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.1|9|1|410|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.2|21|1|4660|alpino_lc|2411
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.3|8|1|120|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.4|10|1|390|alpino_lc|163
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.5|21|1|8570|alpino_lc|4572
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.6|21|1|2130|alpino_lc|991
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.7|15|1|580|alpino_lc|173
T#wiki-3745.p.41.s.8|9|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-3745.p.42.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.1|11|1|1060|alpino_lc|681
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.2|14|1|510|alpino_lc|251
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.3|15|1|320|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.4|9|1|420|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.5|22|1|4910|alpino_lc|1259
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.6|10|1|370|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.7|23|1|1630|alpino_lc|1008
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.8|10|1|350|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.9|20|1|1790|alpino_lc|1017
T#wiki-3745.p.43.s.10|35|1|6450|alpino_lc|6719
T#wiki-3745.p.44.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3745.p.45.s.1|19|1|860|alpino_lc|222
T#wiki-3745.p.45.s.2|36|1|5800|alpino_lc|6233
T#wiki-3745.p.45.s.3|24|1|6280|alpino_lc|4458
T#wiki-3745.p.45.s.4|21|1|18610|alpino_lc|18525
T#wiki-3745.p.46.s.1|18|1|310|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-3745.p.47.s.1|13|1|190|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3745.p.47.s.2|15|1|900|alpino_lc|466
T#wiki-3745.p.47.s.3|20|1|2440|alpino_lc|522
T#wiki-3745.p.48.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-3745.p.49.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3745.p.50.s.1|20|1|1370|alpino_lc|997
T#wiki-3745.p.50.s.2|35|1|12500|alpino_lc|5155
T#wiki-3745.p.50.s.3|27|1|16420|alpino_lc|8060
T#wiki-3745.p.51.s.1|19|1|500|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-3745.p.51.s.2|13|1|300|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-3745.p.52.s.1|22|1|9110|alpino_lc|9109
T#wiki-3745.p.52.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-3745.p.52.s.3|17|1|520|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-3745.p.52.s.4|23|1|7340|alpino_lc|3936
T#wiki-3745.p.53.s.1|23|1|1350|alpino_lc|367
T#wiki-3745.p.53.s.2|16|1|1930|alpino_lc|1421
T#wiki-3745.p.54.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.5|4|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.6|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.7|8|1|230|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.8|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.9|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.10|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.11|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.12|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.13|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.14|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.15|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3745.p.55.s.16|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3745.p.56.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.1|10|1|290|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.4|18|1|1950|alpino_lc|714
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.7|14|1|400|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.8|9|1|160|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.9|19|1|1480|alpino_lc|326
T#wiki-3745.p.57.s.10|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3745.p.58.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-3745.p.59.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.60.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3745.p.61.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.62.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3745.p.63.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3745.p.63.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3745.p.63.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-3745.p.63.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3745.p.63.s.5|6|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-3747.p.1.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3747.p.2.s.1|14|1|780|alpino_lc|499
T#wiki-3747.p.2.s.2|14|1|810|alpino_lc|664
T#wiki-3747.p.2.s.3|18|1|7510|alpino_lc|5673
T#wiki-3747.p.3.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3747.p.4.s.1|11|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-3781.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.1|17|1|2580|alpino_lc|1580
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.2|14|1|580|alpino_lc|362
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.3|38|1|2560|alpino_lc|1340
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.5|17|1|430|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-3781.p.2.s.6|11|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-3781.p.3.s.1|10|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-3781.p.3.s.2|23|1|7850|alpino_lc|6409
T#wiki-3781.p.3.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-3781.p.3.s.4|87|1|162780|alpino_lc|12130
T#wiki-3781.p.4.s.1|31|1|4060|alpino_lc|3550
T#wiki-3781.p.4.s.2|48|1|75270|alpino_lc|16308
T#wiki-3781.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.3|10|1|120|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.5|9|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.6|7|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-3781.p.6.s.7|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.7.s.1|15|1|730|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-3781.p.8.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3781.p.9.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3781.p.10.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3781.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3781.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3781.p.13.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-3781.p.13.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-3781.p.13.s.3|10|1|230|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.3|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.4|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.14.s.7|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3781.p.15.s.1|11|1|790|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-3781.p.15.s.2|13|1|200|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3781.p.16.s.1|7|1|150|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-3781.p.17.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3781.p.18.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-3821.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3821.p.2.s.1|12|1|920|alpino_lc|668
T#wiki-3821.p.2.s.2|10|1|260|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-3821.p.3.s.1|22|1|2440|alpino_lc|1774
T#wiki-3821.p.3.s.2|14|1|650|alpino_lc|491
T#wiki-3821.p.4.s.1|11|1|230|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-3821.p.5.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.5|10|1|100|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.6|19|1|2230|alpino_lc|560
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.7|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.6.s.8|4|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-3821.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3821.p.8.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-3821.p.9.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3821.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3821.p.11.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-3821.p.11.s.2|6|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.12.s.6|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3821.p.13.s.1|28|1|7120|alpino_lc|3935
T#wiki-3821.p.14.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-3821.p.15.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3821.p.16.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3822.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3822.p.2.s.1|31|1|11010|alpino_lc|3559
T#wiki-3822.p.2.s.2|17|1|310|alpino_lc|121
T#wiki-3822.p.2.s.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-3822.p.2.s.4|17|1|980|alpino_lc|745
T#wiki-3822.p.2.s.5|17|1|4090|alpino_lc|2448
T#wiki-3822.p.3.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3822.p.4.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-3822.p.5.s.1|14|1|320|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3823.p.1.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3823.p.2.s.1|38|1|9840|alpino_lc|1421
T#wiki-3823.p.2.s.2|7|1|250|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-3823.p.2.s.3|53|1|63550|alpino_lc|5327
T#wiki-3823.p.3.s.1|23|1|1640|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-3823.p.3.s.2|17|1|7190|alpino_lc|6135
T#wiki-3823.p.3.s.3|8|1|220|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-3823.p.3.s.4|16|1|690|alpino_lc|175
T#wiki-3823.p.3.s.5|20|1|2480|alpino_lc|1391
T#wiki-3823.p.4.s.1|12|1|140|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-3823.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3823.p.6.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-3823.p.7.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3824.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.1|35|1|5690|alpino_lc|1763
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.2|19|1|420|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.3|17|1|560|alpino_lc|314
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.4|14|1|440|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.5|9|1|270|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.6|16|1|620|alpino_lc|355
T#wiki-3824.p.2.s.7|11|1|620|alpino_lc|452
T#wiki-3824.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3824.p.4.s.1|7|1|130|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-3824.p.5.s.1|14|1|340|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3825.p.1.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3825.p.2.s.1|23|1|6270|alpino_lc|1726
T#wiki-3825.p.2.s.2|24|1|700|alpino_lc|299
T#wiki-3825.p.2.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-3825.p.2.s.4|18|1|400|alpino_lc|167
T#wiki-3825.p.2.s.5|9|1|250|alpino_lc|122
T#wiki-3825.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3825.p.4.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-3825.p.5.s.1|14|1|380|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3825.p.6.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3825.p.7.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-3825.p.7.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-3826.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.1|29|1|6800|alpino_lc|1769
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.2|10|1|170|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.3|18|1|1590|alpino_lc|1309
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.4|5|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.5|35|1|4860|alpino_lc|2932
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.6|9|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-3826.p.2.s.7|12|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-3826.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3826.p.4.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-3826.p.5.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3828.p.1.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-3828.p.2.s.1|28|1|4810|alpino_lc|983
T#wiki-3828.p.2.s.2|19|1|1860|alpino_lc|354
T#wiki-3828.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3828.p.4.s.1|21|1|600|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-3828.p.4.s.2|21|1|640|alpino_lc|230
T#wiki-3828.p.5.s.1|23|1|7970|alpino_lc|4393
T#wiki-3828.p.5.s.2|22|1|9190|alpino_lc|11852
T#wiki-3828.p.5.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-3828.p.5.s.4|16|1|450|alpino_lc|496
T#wiki-3828.p.6.s.1|8|1|150|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-3828.p.6.s.2|9|1|490|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-3828.p.6.s.3|9|1|330|alpino_lc|150
T#wiki-3828.p.7.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-3828.p.8.s.1|23|1|620|alpino_lc|190
T#wiki-3828.p.9.s.1|27|1|650|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-3828.p.9.s.2|28|1|6320|alpino_lc|4620
T#wiki-3828.p.9.s.3|17|1|1370|alpino_lc|1450
T#wiki-3828.p.9.s.4|23|1|2510|alpino_lc|1464
T#wiki-3828.p.10.s.1|22|1|3550|alpino_lc|1985
T#wiki-3828.p.10.s.2|23|1|2400|alpino_lc|1299
T#wiki-3828.p.10.s.3|13|1|440|alpino_lc|238
T#wiki-3828.p.10.s.4|15|1|1380|alpino_lc|1098
T#wiki-3828.p.10.s.5|8|1|190|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-3828.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3828.p.12.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.4|8|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.6|6|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.7|10|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.8|12|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.9|9|1|160|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.10|6|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.11|10|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.12|7|1|90|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.13|5|1|60|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3828.p.13.s.14|12|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-3828.p.14.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3828.p.15.s.1|11|1|150|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-3828.p.16.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.1|14|1|110|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.2|16|1|180|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.3|8|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.4|10|1|120|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.5|8|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-3828.p.17.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3828.p.18.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3828.p.19.s.1|20|1|560|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.1|6|1|220|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.3|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.5|11|1|190|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.6|5|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.7|6|1|60|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.8|5|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.9|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.10|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.11|6|1|120|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.12|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.13|4|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-3828.p.20.s.14|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-3828.p.21.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3828.p.22.s.1|14|1|1280|alpino_lc|364
T#wiki-3828.p.22.s.2|32|1|26650|alpino_lc|585
T#wiki-3828.p.22.s.3|16|1|490|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-3828.p.22.s.4|21|1|3310|alpino_lc|2739
T#wiki-3828.p.23.s.1|32|1|1630|alpino_lc|614
T#wiki-3828.p.24.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-3828.p.24.s.2|11|1|300|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-3828.p.25.s.1|9|1|240|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-3828.p.26.s.1|2|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3828.p.27.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-3828.p.27.s.2|21|1|640|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-3828.p.28.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3828.p.29.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-384.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-384.p.2.s.1|52|1|74620|alpino_lc|5853
T#wiki-384.p.3.s.1|24|1|5200|alpino_lc|1527
T#wiki-384.p.4.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-384.p.5.s.1|13|1|120|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-384.p.5.s.2|16|1|1850|alpino_lc|1160
T#wiki-384.p.5.s.3|11|1|500|alpino_lc|236
T#wiki-384.p.6.s.1|30|1|530|alpino_lc|132
T#wiki-384.p.6.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-384.p.6.s.3|13|1|350|alpino_lc|179
T#wiki-384.p.6.s.4|31|1|1090|alpino_lc|293
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.1|16|1|910|alpino_lc|558
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.2|16|1|390|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.3|22|1|2410|alpino_lc|1376
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.4|24|1|2020|alpino_lc|548
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.5|30|1|1730|alpino_lc|1134
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.6|28|1|2650|alpino_lc|1082
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.7|13|1|4730|alpino_lc|2288
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.8|13|1|210|alpino_lc|46
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.9|11|1|240|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.10|6|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-384.p.7.s.11|16|1|310|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.1|17|1|1180|alpino_lc|225
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.2|32|1|10560|alpino_lc|8511
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.3|21|1|620|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.4|13|1|3070|alpino_lc|2439
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.5|36|1|7330|alpino_lc|1348
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.6|19|1|750|alpino_lc|374
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.7|21|1|4280|alpino_lc|1244
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.8|20|1|2600|alpino_lc|1983
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.9|11|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.10|11|1|250|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-384.p.8.s.11|19|1|760|alpino_lc|570
T#wiki-384.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.10.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-384.p.11.s.1|22|1|1060|alpino_lc|772
T#wiki-384.p.11.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-384.p.11.s.3|45|1|5620|alpino_lc|1516
T#wiki-384.p.11.s.4|23|1|1550|alpino_lc|939
T#wiki-384.p.11.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-384.p.12.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-384.p.13.s.1|17|1|520|alpino_lc|211
T#wiki-384.p.13.s.2|46|1|4370|alpino_lc|810
T#wiki-384.p.13.s.3|22|1|1030|alpino_lc|477
T#wiki-384.p.13.s.4|13|1|480|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-384.p.14.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-384.p.15.s.1|25|1|5740|alpino_lc|2902
T#wiki-384.p.15.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-384.p.15.s.3|33|1|1120|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-384.p.15.s.4|17|1|730|alpino_lc|399
T#wiki-384.p.15.s.5|10|1|220|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-384.p.16.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-384.p.17.s.1|22|1|1190|alpino_lc|368
T#wiki-384.p.17.s.2|10|1|180|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-384.p.18.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-384.p.19.s.1|22|1|830|alpino_lc|493
T#wiki-384.p.19.s.2|27|1|11520|alpino_lc|6137
T#wiki-384.p.19.s.3|23|1|610|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-384.p.19.s.4|19|1|1490|alpino_lc|822
T#wiki-384.p.20.s.1|3|1|80|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.1|20|1|3880|alpino_lc|1081
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.2|26|1|5440|alpino_lc|4269
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.3|20|1|4590|alpino_lc|2522
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.4|28|1|15730|alpino_lc|6428
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.5|27|1|11670|alpino_lc|6123
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.6|15|1|940|alpino_lc|620
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.7|12|1|530|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.8|49|1|35600|alpino_lc|17863
T#wiki-384.p.21.s.9|14|1|360|alpino_lc|195
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.1|15|1|1770|alpino_lc|487
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.2|40|1|14990|alpino_lc|2841
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.4|35|1|10130|alpino_lc|2228
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.5|24|1|10720|alpino_lc|5388
T#wiki-384.p.22.s.6|17|1|1260|alpino_lc|532
T#wiki-384.p.23.s.1|15|1|570|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-384.p.23.s.2|18|1|680|alpino_lc|441
T#wiki-384.p.23.s.3|10|1|420|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-384.p.23.s.4|25|1|14780|alpino_lc|3565
T#wiki-384.p.23.s.5|20|1|2060|alpino_lc|1020
T#wiki-384.p.24.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.25.s.1|31|1|4400|alpino_lc|571
T#wiki-384.p.25.s.2|21|1|410|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-384.p.26.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-384.p.27.s.1|30|1|2510|alpino_lc|1243
T#wiki-384.p.27.s.2|23|1|8060|alpino_lc|2476
T#wiki-384.p.28.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-384.p.29.s.1|15|1|1280|alpino_lc|805
T#wiki-384.p.30.s.1|44|1|13110|alpino_lc|3975
T#wiki-384.p.31.s.1|41|1|63600|alpino_lc|6314
T#wiki-384.p.31.s.2|42|1|19640|alpino_lc|2773
T#wiki-384.p.32.s.1|35|1|4890|alpino_lc|2864
T#wiki-384.p.33.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-384.p.34.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.35.s.1|20|1|2060|alpino_lc|1034
T#wiki-384.p.36.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-384.p.37.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-384.p.37.s.2|13|1|290|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-384.p.38.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-384.p.39.s.1|16|1|160|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-384.p.40.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.41.s.1|16|1|370|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.42.s.6|6|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.43.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.44.s.1|16|1|380|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-384.p.45.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-384.p.45.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-384.p.45.s.3|6|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-384.p.46.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.47.s.1|26|1|650|alpino_lc|355
T#wiki-384.p.47.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|220
T#wiki-384.p.48.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-384.p.49.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.50.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-384.p.51.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-384.p.51.s.2|8|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-384.p.52.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-384.p.53.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-384.p.54.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.2|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.4|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.6|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.7|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.8|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.9|7|1|150|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.10|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.11|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.55.s.12|7|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-384.p.56.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.57.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-384.p.57.s.2|22|1|3520|alpino_lc|2823
T#wiki-384.p.58.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.59.s.1|9|1|420|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-384.p.60.s.1|23|1|1620|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-384.p.61.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.62.s.1|11|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-384.p.63.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|101
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.3|12|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.4|37|1|4170|alpino_lc|2112
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.5|15|1|180|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.6|10|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.7|11|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.8|10|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.9|15|1|550|alpino_lc|255
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.10|12|1|190|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.11|15|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.12|16|1|380|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.13|24|1|1470|alpino_lc|419
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.14|13|1|260|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.15|13|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.16|12|1|240|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.17|11|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.18|10|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.19|9|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.20|15|1|190|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.21|14|1|180|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.22|10|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-384.p.64.s.23|23|1|1330|alpino_lc|338
T#wiki-384.p.65.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-384.p.66.s.1|11|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-384.p.66.s.2|10|1|240|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-384.p.67.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-384.p.68.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-384.p.68.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-384.p.68.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-384.p.69.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-384.p.70.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-384.p.70.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3866.p.1.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3866.p.2.s.1|38|1|107240|alpino_lc|34305
T#wiki-3866.p.2.s.2|7|1|160|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-3866.p.3.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3866.p.4.s.1|39|1|31490|alpino_lc|27577
T#wiki-3866.p.4.s.2|15|1|890|alpino_lc|506
T#wiki-3866.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3866.p.6.s.1|12|1|2010|alpino_lc|820
T#wiki-3866.p.6.s.2|19|1|2340|alpino_lc|1095
T#wiki-3866.p.7.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-3866.p.8.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-3866.p.9.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-3866.p.10.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-3866.p.11.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-3866.p.12.s.1|12|1|300|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-3866.p.13.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-3866.p.14.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-3866.p.15.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-415.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.2.s.1|24|1|19050|alpino_lc|10035
T#wiki-415.p.2.s.2|7|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-415.p.3.s.1|14|1|660|alpino_lc|353
T#wiki-415.p.4.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-415.p.4.s.2|7|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-415.p.4.s.3|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|1881
T#wiki-415.p.5.s.1|8|1|220|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-415.p.5.s.2|26|1|2090|alpino_lc|897
T#wiki-415.p.5.s.3|11|1|500|alpino_lc|233
T#wiki-415.p.5.s.4|11|1|630|alpino_lc|476
T#wiki-415.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.7.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-415.p.7.s.2|6|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-415.p.8.s.1|22|1|300|alpino_lc|128
T#wiki-415.p.8.s.2|7|1|100|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-415.p.8.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-415.p.8.s.4|8|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-415.p.8.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-415.p.9.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-415.p.10.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.11.s.1|27|1|8260|alpino_lc|1119
T#wiki-415.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.12.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-415.p.12.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-415.p.12.s.4|9|1|160|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-415.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-415.p.15.s.1|18|1|1680|alpino_lc|1680
T#wiki-4868.p.1.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-4868.p.2.s.1|37|1|12000|alpino_lc|1204
T#wiki-4868.p.2.s.2|25|1|2930|alpino_lc|1293
T#wiki-4868.p.3.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-4868.p.4.s.1|24|1|11400|alpino_lc|3660
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.1|23|1|790|alpino_lc|372
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.2|7|1|160|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.3|19|1|860|alpino_lc|283
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.4|13|1|530|alpino_lc|305
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.5|8|1|220|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-4868.p.5.s.6|17|1|2180|alpino_lc|1693
T#wiki-4868.p.6.s.1|23|1|4720|alpino_lc|3319
T#wiki-4868.p.6.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-4868.p.6.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-4868.p.6.s.4|19|1|1080|alpino_lc|354
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.1|21|1|5350|alpino_lc|1510
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.2|27|1|3250|alpino_lc|847
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.3|18|1|570|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.4|13|1|330|alpino_lc|108
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.5|22|1|10830|alpino_lc|5441
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.6|11|1|440|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-4868.p.7.s.7|14|1|680|alpino_lc|577
T#wiki-4868.p.8.s.1|16|1|300|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-4868.p.8.s.2|29|1|3330|alpino_lc|1126
T#wiki-4868.p.8.s.3|37|1|18270|alpino_lc|19153
T#wiki-4868.p.8.s.4|16|1|170|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-4868.p.9.s.1|27|1|12360|alpino_lc|2847
T#wiki-4868.p.9.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-4868.p.10.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-4868.p.10.s.2|13|1|90|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-4868.p.10.s.3|15|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-4868.p.10.s.4|25|1|360|alpino_lc|225
T#wiki-4868.p.11.s.1|23|1|780|alpino_lc|396
T#wiki-4868.p.11.s.2|17|1|810|alpino_lc|416
T#wiki-4868.p.11.s.3|22|1|3530|alpino_lc|2736
T#wiki-4868.p.12.s.1|14|1|330|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-4868.p.12.s.2|30|1|1850|alpino_lc|848
T#wiki-4868.p.12.s.3|9|1|370|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-4868.p.13.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-4868.p.13.s.2|16|1|430|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-4868.p.13.s.3|26|1|2200|alpino_lc|485
T#wiki-4868.p.14.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-4868.p.15.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-4868.p.16.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-4868.p.17.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-4868.p.18.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-493.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-493.p.2.s.1|2|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-493.p.3.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-493.p.3.s.2|8|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-4941.p.1.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-4941.p.2.s.1|11|1|640|alpino_lc|401
T#wiki-4941.p.2.s.2|40|1|13940|alpino_lc|3857
T#wiki-4941.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-4941.p.4.s.1|20|1|560|alpino_lc|428
T#wiki-4941.p.4.s.2|11|1|350|alpino_lc|221
T#wiki-4941.p.5.s.1|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|1773
T#wiki-4941.p.5.s.2|22|1|21220|alpino_lc|14074
T#wiki-4979.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-4979.p.2.s.1|16|1|1580|alpino_lc|1421
T#wiki-4979.p.2.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-4979.p.2.s.3|15|1|480|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-4979.p.3.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-4979.p.4.s.1|19|1|1530|alpino_lc|697
T#wiki-4979.p.5.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-4979.p.6.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-4979.p.7.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-4979.p.8.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-4979.p.9.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-4979.p.10.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-4979.p.11.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-4979.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-4979.p.12.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-4979.p.12.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5090.p.1.s.1|2|1|50|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5090.p.2.s.1|20|1|2120|alpino_lc|1218
T#wiki-5090.p.2.s.2|23|1|810|alpino_lc|252
T#wiki-5090.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.2|10|1|300|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.4|7|1|80|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.5|11|1|190|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.6|10|1|210|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.7|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.8|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.9|11|1|220|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.10|10|1|250|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.11|7|1|80|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.12|9|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-5090.p.4.s.13|8|1|120|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-5090.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5090.p.6.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5107.p.1.s.1|1|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5107.p.2.s.1|13|1|1180|alpino_lc|856
T#wiki-5107.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5107.p.4.s.1|41|1|28390|alpino_lc|5095
T#wiki-5107.p.4.s.2|18|1|570|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-5107.p.4.s.3|17|1|1210|alpino_lc|621
T#wiki-5107.p.5.s.1|13|1|350|alpino_lc|161
T#wiki-5107.p.5.s.2|44|1|50200|alpino_lc|31803
T#wiki-5107.p.5.s.3|46|1|12780|alpino_lc|2344
T#wiki-5107.p.5.s.4|39|1|4690|alpino_lc|6031
T#wiki-5107.p.6.s.1|22|1|10590|alpino_lc|7526
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.1|30|1|5880|alpino_lc|3479
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.2|41|1|14520|alpino_lc|3218
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.3|15|1|310|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.4|45|1|32990|alpino_lc|12501
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-5107.p.7.s.6|22|1|950|alpino_lc|416
T#wiki-5107.p.8.s.1|25|1|5560|alpino_lc|3204
T#wiki-5107.p.8.s.2|21|1|6260|alpino_lc|1888
T#wiki-5107.p.8.s.3|23|1|2070|alpino_lc|1091
T#wiki-5107.p.9.s.1|23|1|1080|alpino_lc|142
T#wiki-5107.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5107.p.11.s.1|27|1|3160|alpino_lc|2054
T#wiki-5107.p.11.s.2|23|1|900|alpino_lc|628
T#wiki-5107.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5107.p.13.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5176.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.2.s.1|16|1|1300|alpino_lc|476
T#wiki-5176.p.2.s.2|7|1|130|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-5176.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.4.s.1|20|1|6790|alpino_lc|3319
T#wiki-5176.p.4.s.2|44|1|16000|alpino_lc|11701
T#wiki-5176.p.4.s.3|30|1|6700|alpino_lc|5063
T#wiki-5176.p.5.s.1|44|1|9130|alpino_lc|6358
T#wiki-5176.p.5.s.2|27|1|1670|alpino_lc|684
T#wiki-5176.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.7.s.1|30|1|5830|alpino_lc|716
T#wiki-5176.p.8.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.2|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.3|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.9.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.5|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5176.p.10.s.7|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-5176.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.13.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5176.p.14.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-5176.p.14.s.3|44|1|7230|alpino_lc|757
T#wiki-5176.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.16.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.17.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5176.p.17.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.17.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.17.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5176.p.18.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.19.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5176.p.21.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5176.p.22.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5176.p.23.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-5176.p.23.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-5176.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5176.p.25.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-5177.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5177.p.2.s.1|7|1|280|alpino_lc|120
T#wiki-5177.p.3.s.1|9|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-5177.p.3.s.2|11|1|120|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-5177.p.4.s.1|21|1|260|alpino_lc|105
T#wiki-5177.p.4.s.2|18|1|330|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-5177.p.4.s.3|13|1|180|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-5318.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-5318.p.2.s.1|15|1|580|alpino_lc|370
T#wiki-5318.p.2.s.2|30|1|5700|alpino_lc|2288
T#wiki-5318.p.3.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.1|15|1|3160|alpino_lc|1489
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.2|17|1|1440|alpino_lc|1240
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.3|11|1|760|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.4|28|1|1640|alpino_lc|1264
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.5|15|1|1790|alpino_lc|1379
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.6|36|1|6260|alpino_lc|635
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.7|11|1|230|alpino_lc|69
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.8|13|1|360|alpino_lc|234
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.9|35|1|3390|alpino_lc|1447
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.10|20|1|1040|alpino_lc|728
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.11|8|1|130|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-5318.p.4.s.12|30|1|2210|alpino_lc|609
T#wiki-5318.p.5.s.1|14|1|1260|alpino_lc|749
T#wiki-5318.p.5.s.2|22|1|1280|alpino_lc|623
T#wiki-5318.p.6.s.1|12|1|530|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-5318.p.6.s.2|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|1521
T#wiki-5318.p.7.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5318.p.8.s.1|25|1|9210|alpino_lc|1412
T#wiki-5318.p.8.s.2|19|1|1370|alpino_lc|368
T#wiki-5318.p.9.s.1|14|1|1130|alpino_lc|622
T#wiki-5318.p.9.s.2|21|1|970|alpino_lc|891
T#wiki-5318.p.9.s.3|9|1|850|alpino_lc|505
T#wiki-5318.p.9.s.4|44|1|5410|alpino_lc|1028
T#wiki-5318.p.10.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5318.p.11.s.1|20|1|640|alpino_lc|286
T#wiki-5318.p.11.s.2|20|1|1280|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-5318.p.11.s.3|15|1|500|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-5318.p.11.s.4|18|1|730|alpino_lc|474
T#wiki-5318.p.11.s.5|23|1|3200|alpino_lc|669
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.1|23|1|2630|alpino_lc|1726
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.2|31|1|17200|alpino_lc|11200
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.3|22|1|3410|alpino_lc|928
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.4|6|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.5|20|1|10140|alpino_lc|4313
T#wiki-5318.p.12.s.6|13|1|600|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-5318.p.13.s.1|18|1|910|alpino_lc|510
T#wiki-5318.p.13.s.2|16|1|250|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-5318.p.13.s.3|16|1|1350|alpino_lc|404
T#wiki-5318.p.13.s.4|36|1|9270|alpino_lc|6108
T#wiki-5318.p.14.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5318.p.15.s.1|26|1|10520|alpino_lc|4301
T#wiki-5318.p.15.s.2|9|1|280|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-5318.p.16.s.1|12|1|1570|alpino_lc|952
T#wiki-5318.p.16.s.2|12|1|630|alpino_lc|340
T#wiki-5318.p.16.s.3|22|1|520|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-5318.p.16.s.4|15|1|1470|alpino_lc|1814
T#wiki-5318.p.16.s.5|32|1|6860|alpino_lc|9437
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.1|21|1|1630|alpino_lc|547
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.2|34|1|1900|alpino_lc|664
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.3|22|1|1770|alpino_lc|875
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.4|20|1|980|alpino_lc|425
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.5|15|1|390|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.6|29|1|1030|alpino_lc|381
T#wiki-5318.p.17.s.7|20|1|10970|alpino_lc|7252
T#wiki-5318.p.18.s.1|4|1|170|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-5318.p.19.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-5318.p.19.s.2|27|1|1800|alpino_lc|1201
T#wiki-5318.p.19.s.3|12|1|430|alpino_lc|457
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.1|11|1|520|alpino_lc|380
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.2|23|1|590|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.3|21|1|1150|alpino_lc|862
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.4|26|1|3580|alpino_lc|1863
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.5|9|1|330|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-5318.p.20.s.6|24|1|1440|alpino_lc|643
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.1|22|1|1580|alpino_lc|659
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.3|12|1|1020|alpino_lc|554
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.4|19|1|760|alpino_lc|584
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.5|13|1|4290|alpino_lc|1549
T#wiki-5318.p.21.s.6|19|1|450|alpino_lc|209
T#wiki-5318.p.22.s.1|25|1|3350|alpino_lc|2605
T#wiki-5318.p.22.s.2|18|1|190|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-5318.p.22.s.3|10|1|310|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-5318.p.23.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-5318.p.24.s.1|20|1|1960|alpino_lc|612
T#wiki-5318.p.24.s.2|18|1|740|alpino_lc|273
T#wiki-5318.p.24.s.3_4|28|1|3110|alpino_lc|599
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.2|16|1|190|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.4|29|1|4430|alpino_lc|4053
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.5|22|1|610|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.6|30|1|2320|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-5318.p.25.s.7|14|1|410|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.1|10|1|210|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.2|36|1|1190|alpino_lc|349
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.3|24|1|1120|alpino_lc|854
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.4|17|1|800|alpino_lc|284
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.5|6|1|160|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-5318.p.26.s.6|21|1|1430|alpino_lc|904
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.1|24|1|2030|alpino_lc|368
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.2|23|1|14460|alpino_lc|3943
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.3|30|1|1990|alpino_lc|857
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.4|22|1|890|alpino_lc|520
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.5|12|1|530|alpino_lc|419
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.6|18|1|460|alpino_lc|158
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.7|25|1|4080|alpino_lc|3333
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.8|19|1|6170|alpino_lc|1385
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.9|24|1|530|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-5318.p.27.s.10|30|1|3010|alpino_lc|685
T#wiki-5318.p.28.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5318.p.29.s.1|24|1|2560|alpino_lc|1192
T#wiki-5318.p.29.s.2|13|1|610|alpino_lc|737
T#wiki-5318.p.29.s.3|17|1|220|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-5318.p.29.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#wiki-5318.p.29.s.5|19|1|740|alpino_lc|1105
T#wiki-5318.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5318.p.31.s.1|14|1|1470|alpino_lc|996
T#wiki-5318.p.31.s.2|37|1|21510|alpino_lc|5462
T#wiki-5318.p.31.s.3|15|1|380|alpino_lc|250
T#wiki-5318.p.31.s.4|18|1|2570|alpino_lc|1094
T#wiki-5318.p.32.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-5318.p.33.s.1|12|1|230|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-5318.p.34.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5318.p.35.s.1|23|1|3530|alpino_lc|1453
T#wiki-5318.p.35.s.2|19|1|270|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-5318.p.35.s.3|5|1|30|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5452.p.1.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5452.p.2.s.1|25|1|17280|alpino_lc|5335
T#wiki-5452.p.2.s.2|32|1|2320|alpino_lc|644
T#wiki-5452.p.3.s.1|27|1|1130|alpino_lc|718
T#wiki-5452.p.4.s.1|26|1|880|alpino_lc|599
T#wiki-5452.p.4.s.2|42|1|7230|alpino_lc|4129
T#wiki-5452.p.5.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-5593.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-5593.p.2.s.1|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|344
T#wiki-5593.p.3.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-5593.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5593.p.5.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5593.p.6.s.1|23|1|570|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-5593.p.6.s.2|13|1|510|alpino_lc|466
T#wiki-5593.p.6.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-5593.p.7.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-5593.p.8.s.1|45|1|16800|alpino_lc|10721
T#wiki-5593.p.8.s.2|17|1|710|alpino_lc|374
T#wiki-5593.p.9.s.1|11|1|290|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-5593.p.9.s.2|19|1|500|alpino_lc|309
T#wiki-5593.p.9.s.3|11|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-5593.p.9.s.4|15|1|560|alpino_lc|348
T#wiki-5593.p.10.s.1|61|1|28330|alpino_lc|6414
T#wiki-5593.p.11.s.1|2|1|60|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5593.p.12.s.1|15|1|1090|alpino_lc|1034
T#wiki-5593.p.12.s.2|24|1|700|alpino_lc|289
T#wiki-5593.p.13.s.1|13|1|260|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-5593.p.13.s.2|23|1|17000|alpino_lc|6937
T#wiki-5593.p.13.s.3|14|1|190|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-5593.p.14.s.1|20|1|710|alpino_lc|447
T#wiki-5593.p.14.s.2|13|1|270|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-5593.p.14.s.3|10|1|360|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-5593.p.15.s.1|13|1|630|alpino_lc|273
T#wiki-5593.p.15.s.2|21|1|3720|alpino_lc|1751
T#wiki-5593.p.15.s.3|13|1|140|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-5593.p.16.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5593.p.17.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-5593.p.17.s.2|14|1|660|alpino_lc|268
T#wiki-5593.p.17.s.3|15|1|290|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-5593.p.18.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5593.p.19.s.1|42|1|85940|alpino_lc|4535
T#wiki-5593.p.19.s.2|13|1|170|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-5593.p.19.s.3|23|1|2290|alpino_lc|934
T#wiki-5593.p.19.s.4|24|1|1270|alpino_lc|1503
T#wiki-5593.p.19.s.5|27|1|2040|alpino_lc|346
T#wiki-5593.p.20.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-5593.p.21.s.1|28|1|1640|alpino_lc|606
T#wiki-5593.p.21.s.2|9|1|230|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-5593.p.21.s.3|10|1|170|alpino_lc|84
T#wiki-5593.p.22.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5593.p.23.s.1|28|1|11800|alpino_lc|2374
T#wiki-5593.p.23.s.2|21|1|630|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-5593.p.24.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5593.p.25.s.1|21|1|300|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-5593.p.25.s.2|25|1|1650|alpino_lc|687
T#wiki-5593.p.26.s.1|21|1|2440|alpino_lc|896
T#wiki-5593.p.26.s.2|38|1|9100|alpino_lc|812
T#wiki-5593.p.26.s.3|9|1|320|alpino_lc|220
T#wiki-5593.p.27.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5593.p.28.s.1|43|1|48540|alpino_lc|32375
T#wiki-5593.p.28.s.2|17|1|1220|alpino_lc|647
T#wiki-5593.p.29.s.1|39|1|18570|alpino_lc|4537
T#wiki-5593.p.29.s.2|26|1|5680|alpino_lc|1659
T#wiki-5593.p.30.s.1|24|1|1500|alpino_lc|1102
T#wiki-5593.p.30.s.2|35|1|9330|alpino_lc|3957
T#wiki-5593.p.31.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5593.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5593.p.32.s.2|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5594.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5594.p.2.s.1|30|1|21410|alpino_lc|6207
T#wiki-5594.p.2.s.2|14|1|270|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-5594.p.2.s.3|15|1|300|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-5594.p.3.s.1|31|1|14840|alpino_lc|5717
T#wiki-5594.p.3.s.2|17|1|2660|alpino_lc|1037
T#wiki-5594.p.3.s.3|16|1|1010|alpino_lc|414
T#wiki-5594.p.3.s.4|24|1|3920|alpino_lc|431
T#wiki-5594.p.4.s.1|25|1|7840|alpino_lc|4346
T#wiki-5594.p.4.s.2|16|1|820|alpino_lc|557
T#wiki-5594.p.5.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-5594.p.6.s.1|17|1|300|alpino_lc|97
T#wiki-5594.p.6.s.2|28|1|6930|alpino_lc|1378
T#wiki-5594.p.6.s.3|10|1|320|alpino_lc|145
T#wiki-5594.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5594.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5716.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5716.p.2.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-5716.p.2.s.2|6|1|130|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-5716.p.2.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-5716.p.3.s.1|13|1|1520|alpino_lc|1155
T#wiki-5716.p.3.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-5716.p.4.s.1|40|1|45720|alpino_lc|2711
T#wiki-5716.p.5.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-5716.p.6.s.1|12|1|560|alpino_lc|713
T#wiki-572.p.1.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-572.p.2.s.1|23|1|770|alpino_lc|235
T#wiki-572.p.3.s.1|21|1|13250|alpino_lc|2589
T#wiki-572.p.3.s.2|13|1|760|alpino_lc|595
T#wiki-572.p.3.s.3|19|1|1750|alpino_lc|810
T#wiki-572.p.3.s.4|20|1|1110|alpino_lc|654
T#wiki-572.p.4.s.1|37|1|16810|alpino_lc|13253
T#wiki-572.p.4.s.2|16|1|1360|alpino_lc|1190
T#wiki-572.p.4.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|427
T#wiki-572.p.4.s.4|37|1|19150|alpino_lc|6390
T#wiki-572.p.4.s.5|11|1|500|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-572.p.5.s.1|22|1|2760|alpino_lc|1041
T#wiki-572.p.5.s.2|17|1|250|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-572.p.5.s.3|11|1|670|alpino_lc|444
T#wiki-572.p.6.s.1|24|1|10920|alpino_lc|3358
T#wiki-572.p.6.s.2|35|1|1860|alpino_lc|1546
T#wiki-572.p.6.s.3|13|1|370|alpino_lc|350
T#wiki-5741.p.1.s.1|4|1|10|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5741.p.2.s.1|13|1|1120|alpino_lc|411
T#wiki-5741.p.2.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-5741.p.3.s.1|16|1|610|alpino_lc|432
T#wiki-5741.p.4.s.1|25|1|6370|alpino_lc|1748
T#wiki-5741.p.4.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-5741.p.4.s.3|21|1|660|alpino_lc|303
T#wiki-5741.p.5.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5741.p.6.s.1|10|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.5|5|1|20|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.7|5|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.8|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5741.p.7.s.9|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-5741.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5741.p.9.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5741.p.10.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5741.p.11.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-5.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5.p.2.s.1|20|1|5960|alpino_lc|2205
T#wiki-5.p.2.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-5.p.2.s.3|12|1|230|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-5.p.3.s.1|56|1|59880|alpino_lc|2604
T#wiki-5.p.4.s.1|34|1|4840|alpino_lc|494
T#wiki-5.p.4.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-5.p.4.s.3|22|1|1720|alpino_lc|1063
T#wiki-5.p.5.s.1|18|1|1690|alpino_lc|1564
T#wiki-5.p.5.s.2|12|1|840|alpino_lc|667
T#wiki-5.p.6.s.1|17|1|1420|alpino_lc|474
T#wiki-5.p.6.s.2|18|1|1230|alpino_lc|1299
T#wiki-5.p.6.s.3|10|1|900|alpino_lc|464
T#wiki-5.p.7.s.1|21|1|1160|alpino_lc|609
T#wiki-5.p.7.s.2|27|1|4590|alpino_lc|1787
T#wiki-5.p.7.s.3|15|1|630|alpino_lc|245
T#wiki-5.p.7.s.4|11|1|200|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-5.p.8.s.1|19|1|550|alpino_lc|366
T#wiki-5.p.8.s.2|17|1|870|alpino_lc|248
T#wiki-5.p.9.s.1|32|1|2340|alpino_lc|400
T#wiki-5.p.10.s.1|34|1|8290|alpino_lc|1367
T#wiki-5.p.10.s.2|15|1|330|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-5.p.11.s.1|19|1|2050|alpino_lc|1776
T#wiki-5.p.11.s.2|22|1|6510|alpino_lc|3100
T#wiki-5.p.11.s.3|30|1|1380|alpino_lc|829
T#wiki-5.p.12.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-5.p.13.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-5.p.13.s.2|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5.p.14.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-5.p.15.s.1|17|1|650|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-5.p.16.s.1|7|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-5.p.16.s.2|7|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-5.p.17.s.1|20|1|330|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-5.p.18.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5.p.18.s.2|9|1|110|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-5.p.19.s.1|25|1|1980|alpino_lc|1073
T#wiki-5.p.20.s.1|17|1|4960|alpino_lc|2258
T#wiki-5.p.21.s.1|16|1|2790|alpino_lc|1632
T#wiki-5.p.21.s.2|24|1|790|alpino_lc|314
T#wiki-5.p.21.s.3|11|1|810|alpino_lc|959
T#wiki-5.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5.p.23.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.1|23|1|7690|alpino_lc|2483
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.2|20|1|900|alpino_lc|490
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.3|15|1|2090|alpino_lc|637
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.4|21|1|600|alpino_lc|467
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.5|33|1|22730|alpino_lc|3838
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.6|13|1|7280|alpino_lc|16061
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.7|22|1|2890|alpino_lc|680
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.8|21|1|9850|alpino_lc|8693
T#wiki-5.p.24.s.9|17|1|10490|alpino_lc|9727
T#wiki-5.p.25.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-5.p.25.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5.p.26.s.1|12|1|200|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.1|11|1|480|alpino_lc|386
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.2|17|1|1180|alpino_lc|845
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.3|11|1|170|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.4|32|1|30390|alpino_lc|12629
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.5|15|1|400|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.6|30|1|2320|alpino_lc|617
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.7|26|1|980|alpino_lc|696
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.8|21|1|1060|alpino_lc|712
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.9|11|1|340|alpino_lc|239
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.10|18|1|540|alpino_lc|135
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.11|18|1|2990|alpino_lc|1545
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.12|21|1|980|alpino_lc|497
T#wiki-5.p.27.s.13|17|1|1030|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-5.p.28.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.1|18|1|660|alpino_lc|370
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.2|30|1|8780|alpino_lc|7983
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.3|24|1|2110|alpino_lc|1372
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.4|21|1|490|alpino_lc|295
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.5|26|1|2130|alpino_lc|1377
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.6|17|1|2640|alpino_lc|1423
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.7|13|1|590|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.8|17|1|830|alpino_lc|625
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.9|7|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.10|29|1|13650|alpino_lc|2251
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.11|22|1|730|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.12|18|1|3100|alpino_lc|5196
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.13|31|1|9030|alpino_lc|4535
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.14|11|1|240|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.15|14|1|920|alpino_lc|722
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.16|34|1|10720|alpino_lc|4007
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.17|14|1|250|alpino_lc|121
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.18|8|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.19|22|1|670|alpino_lc|223
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.20|30|1|10550|alpino_lc|7482
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.21|6|1|220|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.22|21|1|1430|alpino_lc|924
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.23|9|1|230|alpino_lc|131
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.24|30|1|12150|alpino_lc|8655
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.25|10|1|200|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.26|36|1|8080|alpino_lc|2065
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.27|12|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.28|22|1|14610|alpino_lc|6997
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.29|33|1|21180|alpino_lc|3863
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.30|13|1|730|alpino_lc|414
T#wiki-5.p.29.s.31|23|1|4080|alpino_lc|4552
T#wiki-5.p.30.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.1|27|1|1510|alpino_lc|678
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.2|27|1|27480|alpino_lc|5925
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.3|12|1|320|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.4|25|1|4470|alpino_lc|4332
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.5|18|1|3240|alpino_lc|1826
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.6|10|1|980|alpino_lc|1050
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.7|12|1|360|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.8|14|1|720|alpino_lc|319
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.9|30|1|1600|alpino_lc|554
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.10|13|1|360|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.11|53|1|11790|alpino_lc|7896
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.12|49|1|9180|alpino_lc|3011
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.13|13|1|200|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.14|21|1|7620|alpino_lc|1689
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.15|12|1|770|alpino_lc|606
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.16|23|1|15670|alpino_lc|4832
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.17|26|1|11320|alpino_lc|4102
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.18|17|1|800|alpino_lc|490
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.19|26|1|3370|alpino_lc|3302
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.20|19|1|450|alpino_lc|230
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.21|10|1|210|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.22|28|1|29340|alpino_lc|13849
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.23|16|1|980|alpino_lc|642
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.24|11|1|100|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.25|12|1|440|alpino_lc|276
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.26|11|1|630|alpino_lc|243
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.27|14|1|420|alpino_lc|307
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.28|18|1|570|alpino_lc|180
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.29|37|1|25780|alpino_lc|4461
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.30|17|1|320|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.31|19|1|850|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.32|22|1|3520|alpino_lc|1830
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.33|17|1|340|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-5.p.31.s.34|22|1|2670|alpino_lc|854
T#wiki-5.p.32.s.1|4|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.1|15|1|450|alpino_lc|255
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.2|12|1|530|alpino_lc|231
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.3|10|1|300|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.4|7|1|350|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.5|18|1|620|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.6|29|1|4100|alpino_lc|2140
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.8|23|1|380|alpino_lc|153
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.9|20|1|370|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.10|9|1|170|alpino_lc|181
T#wiki-5.p.33.s.11|11|1|600|alpino_lc|157
T#wiki-5.p.34.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.1|20|1|640|alpino_lc|283
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.2|32|1|14430|alpino_lc|8009
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.3|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|965
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.4|19|1|1340|alpino_lc|694
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.5|20|1|5780|alpino_lc|1497
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.6|24|1|9160|alpino_lc|3294
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.7|68|1|119400|alpino_lc|22606
T#wiki-5.p.35.s.8|97|1|220690|alpino_lc|35887
T#wiki-5.p.36.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.1|13|1|2800|alpino_lc|1852
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.2|28|1|5620|alpino_lc|4329
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.4|20|1|810|alpino_lc|361
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.5|17|1|570|alpino_lc|183
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.6|26|1|6300|alpino_lc|3643
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.7|18|1|1570|alpino_lc|683
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.8|15|1|680|alpino_lc|402
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.9|10|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.10|13|1|200|alpino_lc|101
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.11|9|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-5.p.37.s.12|24|1|14770|alpino_lc|7790
T#wiki-5.p.38.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-5.p.38.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.1|29|1|4480|alpino_lc|1591
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.2|18|1|800|alpino_lc|409
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|305
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.4|19|1|730|alpino_lc|279
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.5|34|1|28380|alpino_lc|12041
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.6|32|1|4330|alpino_lc|3082
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.7|20|1|350|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.8|12|1|320|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.9|12|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.10|23|1|7460|alpino_lc|1183
T#wiki-5.p.39.s.11|11|1|500|alpino_lc|235
T#wiki-5.p.40.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.1|22|1|5200|alpino_lc|2607
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.2|13|1|250|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.3|13|1|500|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.4|10|1|360|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.5|9|1|170|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.6|22|1|1850|alpino_lc|1001
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.7|19|1|560|alpino_lc|373
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.10|13|1|390|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.11|18|1|1260|alpino_lc|484
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.12|36|1|26610|alpino_lc|33573
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.13.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|347
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.13.2|23|1|28190|alpino_lc|44610
T#wiki-5.p.41.s.13.3|11|1|130|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-5.p.42.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-5.p.43.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-5.p.44.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5.p.45.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-5.p.45.s.2|3|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-5.p.46.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-5.p.47.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-60.p.1.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-60.p.2.s.1|14|1|12020|alpino_lc|5230
T#wiki-60.p.2.s.2|25|1|32490|alpino_lc|12406
T#wiki-60.p.2.s.3|15|1|12770|alpino_lc|7809
T#wiki-60.p.3.s.1|24|1|17050|alpino_lc|4974
T#wiki-60.p.3.s.2|29|1|24140|alpino_lc|5208
T#wiki-60.p.3.s.3|13|1|250|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-60.p.3.s.4|13|1|370|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-60.p.4.s.1|19|1|1680|alpino_lc|1410
T#wiki-60.p.5.s.1|7|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-60.p.6.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-60.p.6.s.2|4|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-60.p.6.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-60.p.7.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-60.p.8.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6236.p.1.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-6236.p.2.s.1|17|1|1780|alpino_lc|1409
T#wiki-6236.p.2.s.2|19|1|530|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-6236.p.2.s.3|20|1|390|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-6236.p.2.s.4|8|1|640|alpino_lc|600
T#wiki-6236.p.3.s.1|15|1|330|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-6236.p.4.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-6236.p.5.s.1|4|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-6253.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-6253.p.2.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-6253.p.2.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-62.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-62.p.2.s.1|9|1|670|alpino_lc|404
T#wiki-62.p.2.s.2|19|1|4120|alpino_lc|2053
T#wiki-62.p.2.s.3|12|1|280|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-62.p.2.s.4|8|1|170|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-62.p.2.s.5|10|1|900|alpino_lc|665
T#wiki-62.p.3.s.1|22|1|600|alpino_lc|340
T#wiki-62.p.3.s.2|10|1|190|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-62.p.4.s.1|45|1|17890|alpino_lc|19194
T#wiki-62.p.4.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-62.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-62.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-62.p.6.s.2|4|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-62.p.6.s.3|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6532.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6532.p.2.s.1|42|1|31480|alpino_lc|6182
T#wiki-6532.p.3.s.1|27|1|3570|alpino_lc|1977
T#wiki-6532.p.3.s.2|31|1|2190|alpino_lc|1118
T#wiki-6532.p.3.s.3|23|1|11940|alpino_lc|4117
T#wiki-6532.p.4.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-6532.p.5.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-659.p.2.s.1|29|1|13060|alpino_lc|2916
T#wiki-659.p.2.s.2|21|1|640|alpino_lc|284
T#wiki-659.p.2.s.3|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-659.p.2.s.4|9|1|150|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-659.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-659.p.4.s.1|28|1|1470|alpino_lc|1195
T#wiki-659.p.4.s.2|19|1|710|alpino_lc|304
T#wiki-659.p.5.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-659.p.6.s.1|28|1|6690|alpino_lc|3015
T#wiki-659.p.7.s.1|30|1|2780|alpino_lc|793
T#wiki-659.p.8.s.1|14|1|270|alpino_lc|194
T#wiki-659.p.8.s.2|24|1|1110|alpino_lc|813
T#wiki-659.p.8.s.3|18|1|1530|alpino_lc|581
T#wiki-659.p.9.s.1|24|1|1730|alpino_lc|1231
T#wiki-659.p.9.s.2|11|1|240|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-659.p.10.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.2|8|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.5|7|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.6|8|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.7|7|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.8|8|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.11.s.9|6|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-659.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.2|6|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.5|9|1|180|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-659.p.13.s.6|19|1|260|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-6616.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6616.p.2.s.1|37|1|43240|alpino_lc|15463
T#wiki-6616.p.2.s.2|49|1|27990|alpino_lc|3658
T#wiki-6616.p.3.s.1|22|1|3200|alpino_lc|2927
T#wiki-6616.p.3.s.2|13|1|2080|alpino_lc|1797
T#wiki-6616.p.4.s.1|22|1|5570|alpino_lc|3713
T#wiki-6616.p.5.s.1|25|1|850|alpino_lc|887
T#wiki-6616.p.6.s.1|11|1|330|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-6616.p.6.s.2|20|1|630|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-6616.p.6.s.3|31|1|1920|alpino_lc|854
T#wiki-6616.p.7.s.1|17|1|900|alpino_lc|325
T#wiki-6616.p.7.s.2|23|1|2540|alpino_lc|995
T#wiki-6616.p.7.s.3|21|1|10930|alpino_lc|5286
T#wiki-6616.p.7.s.4|9|1|620|alpino_lc|572
T#wiki-6879.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6879.p.2.s.1|39|1|4580|alpino_lc|1566
T#wiki-6879.p.3.s.1|17|1|1820|alpino_lc|2242
T#wiki-6879.p.3.s.2|37|1|25030|alpino_lc|3918
T#wiki-6879.p.4.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|132
T#wiki-6879.p.4.s.2|11|1|620|alpino_lc|564
T#wiki-6879.p.4.s.3|26|1|1490|alpino_lc|682
T#wiki-6879.p.5.s.1|25|1|6270|alpino_lc|1893
T#wiki-6879.p.5.s.2|8|1|520|alpino_lc|181
T#wiki-6879.p.6.s.1|24|1|1640|alpino_lc|1280
T#wiki-6879.p.6.s.2|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-6879.p.7.s.1|15|1|2890|alpino_lc|1262
T#wiki-6879.p.7.s.2|14|1|200|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6879.p.7.s.3|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-6879.p.7.s.4|12|1|170|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-6879.p.8.s.1|7|1|190|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-6879.p.8.s.2|28|1|900|alpino_lc|752
T#wiki-6879.p.8.s.3|21|1|1230|alpino_lc|430
T#wiki-6879.p.8.s.4|20|1|600|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-6879.p.9.s.1|32|1|7290|alpino_lc|1964
T#wiki-6879.p.9.s.2|22|1|720|alpino_lc|324
T#wiki-6879.p.9.s.3|8|1|250|alpino_lc|137
T#wiki-6879.p.10.s.1|8|1|130|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6879.p.10.s.2|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|432
T#wiki-6879.p.10.s.3|22|1|1400|alpino_lc|557
T#wiki-6879.p.10.s.4|17|1|1100|alpino_lc|971
T#wiki-6879.p.10.s.5|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-6879.p.11.s.1|42|1|29930|alpino_lc|12584
T#wiki-6879.p.12.s.1|18|1|340|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-6879.p.12.s.2|13|1|730|alpino_lc|142
T#wiki-6879.p.12.s.3|19|1|1120|alpino_lc|663
T#wiki-6879.p.12.s.4|14|1|620|alpino_lc|567
T#wiki-6879.p.12.s.5|9|1|250|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.1|10|1|660|alpino_lc|437
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.4|10|1|240|alpino_lc|56
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.5|18|1|950|alpino_lc|644
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.6|12|1|1230|alpino_lc|763
T#wiki-6879.p.13.s.7|14|1|700|alpino_lc|221
T#wiki-6879.p.14.s.1|23|1|1460|alpino_lc|438
T#wiki-6879.p.15.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6879.p.15.s.2|8|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-6879.p.15.s.3|17|1|220|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-6879.p.15.s.4|17|1|1360|alpino_lc|969
T#wiki-6879.p.16.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6879.p.17.s.1|20|1|1680|alpino_lc|1605
T#wiki-6879.p.17.s.2|31|1|28210|alpino_lc|24461
T#wiki-6879.p.17.s.3|30|1|6190|alpino_lc|2405
T#wiki-6879.p.17.s.4|21|1|870|alpino_lc|611
T#wiki-6879.p.17.s.5|18|1|880|alpino_lc|245
T#wiki-6880.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.2.s.1|23|1|540|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-6880.p.2.s.2|9|1|270|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-6880.p.3.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.4.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.1|6|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.2|18|1|160|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.3|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.4|12|1|120|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.5|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.6|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.7|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.8|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.9|13|1|110|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.10|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.11|15|1|120|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.12|12|1|70|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.13|4|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.14|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.15|4|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.16|9|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-6880.p.5.s.17|5|1|90|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-6880.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-6880.p.7.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6880.p.7.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6930.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.1|21|1|550|alpino_lc|258
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.2|25|1|31880|alpino_lc|23209
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.3|23|1|1880|alpino_lc|1256
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.4|67|1|323070|alpino_lc|46547
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.5|20|1|5370|alpino_lc|1485
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.6|13|1|810|alpino_lc|591
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.7|13|1|790|alpino_lc|550
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.8|12|1|310|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.9|18|1|190|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.10|9|1|140|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.11|38|1|1670|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.12|10|1|260|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.13|40|1|43140|alpino_lc|5714
T#wiki-6930.p.2.s.14|9|1|280|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.1|17|1|1190|alpino_lc|527
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|364
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.3|11|1|520|alpino_lc|358
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.4|12|1|600|alpino_lc|357
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.5|14|1|230|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.6|7|1|200|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.7|13|1|420|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.8|18|1|800|alpino_lc|477
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.9|10|1|490|alpino_lc|401
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.10|30|1|7190|alpino_lc|1879
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.11|26|1|1090|alpino_lc|551
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.12|14|1|1560|alpino_lc|1234
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.13|44|1|6220|alpino_lc|4063
T#wiki-6930.p.3.s.14|33|1|930|alpino_lc|157
T#wiki-6930.p.4.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6930.p.5.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6930.p.5.s.2|14|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-6930.p.5.s.3|6|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6930.p.5.s.4|26|1|1060|alpino_lc|549
T#wiki-6930.p.5.s.5|23|1|380|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-6933.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6933.p.2.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6933.p.3.s.1|40|1|26900|alpino_lc|10458
T#wiki-6933.p.3.s.2|21|1|430|alpino_lc|279
T#wiki-6933.p.4.s.1|7|1|220|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-6933.p.5.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-6933.p.6.s.1|11|1|710|alpino_lc|516
T#wiki-6933.p.6.s.2|16|1|580|alpino_lc|447
T#wiki-6933.p.6.s.3|12|1|630|alpino_lc|303
T#wiki-6933.p.6.s.4|17|1|4490|alpino_lc|2283
T#wiki-6933.p.7.s.1|18|1|820|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-6933.p.7.s.2|25|1|380|alpino_lc|118
T#wiki-6933.p.8.s.1|33|1|1840|alpino_lc|1370
T#wiki-6933.p.8.s.2|21|1|490|alpino_lc|150
T#wiki-6933.p.9.s.1|34|1|18720|alpino_lc|1140
T#wiki-6933.p.9.s.2|19|1|950|alpino_lc|330
T#wiki-6933.p.10.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6933.p.11.s.1|44|1|6930|alpino_lc|1318
T#wiki-6933.p.11.s.2|33|1|1900|alpino_lc|529
T#wiki-6933.p.12.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6933.p.13.s.1|13|1|150|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-6933.p.14.s.1|17|1|120|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-6933.p.15.s.1|14|1|100|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-6933.p.16.s.1|13|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-6933.p.17.s.1|17|1|180|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-6933.p.18.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6933.p.19.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6933.p.20.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-6933.p.21.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-6933.p.22.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-6933.p.23.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-6933.p.24.s.1|16|1|160|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-6933.p.25.s.1|15|1|180|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-6933.p.26.s.1|16|1|180|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-6933.p.27.s.1|16|1|220|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-6933.p.28.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-6933.p.29.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-6933.p.30.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6933.p.31.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-6933.p.32.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-6933.p.33.s.1|13|1|100|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-6933.p.34.s.1|13|1|130|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-6933.p.35.s.1|13|1|140|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-6933.p.36.s.1|14|1|230|alpino_lc|84
T#wiki-6933.p.37.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-6933.p.37.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6933.p.37.s.3|9|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6933.p.37.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-6933.p.38.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6933.p.39.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6933.p.40.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6933.p.41.s.1|11|1|250|alpino_lc|143
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.3|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.4|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.5|10|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.6|8|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.7|8|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.8|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.9|9|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.10|9|1|90|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.11|10|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.12|8|1|130|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.13|8|1|80|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.42.s.14|8|1|110|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-6933.p.43.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6933.p.44.s.1|9|1|740|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.3|8|1|110|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.5|7|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.7|7|1|60|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.8|7|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-6933.p.45.s.9|8|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-6933.p.46.s.1|21|1|1680|alpino_lc|681
T#wiki-6933.p.47.s.1|15|1|2360|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-6933.p.47.s.2|17|1|6300|alpino_lc|1099
T#wiki-6933.p.47.s.3|16|1|550|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-6933.p.47.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-6933.p.48.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6933.p.49.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-6933.p.49.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-6983.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6983.p.2.s.1|21|1|250|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-6983.p.2.s.2|21|1|5620|alpino_lc|2180
T#wiki-6983.p.3.s.1|18|1|11220|alpino_lc|3467
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.1|14|1|460|alpino_lc|285
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.2|21|1|690|alpino_lc|393
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.3|13|1|1470|alpino_lc|1683
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.4|37|1|4400|alpino_lc|1208
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.5|12|1|310|alpino_lc|189
T#wiki-6983.p.4.s.6|15|1|520|alpino_lc|191
T#wiki-6983.p.5.s.1|22|1|2560|alpino_lc|1858
T#wiki-6983.p.5.s.2|26|1|4000|alpino_lc|3832
T#wiki-6983.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6983.p.7.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-6983.p.7.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-6983.p.7.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-6983.p.8.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.2|12|1|110|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.4|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.6|6|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.7|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.8|12|1|80|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6983.p.9.s.9|8|1|80|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-6983.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6983.p.11.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-6983.p.11.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-6983.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.3|12|1|230|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.4|17|1|180|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.5|13|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.6|20|1|1060|alpino_lc|398
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.7|18|1|520|alpino_lc|257
T#wiki-6983.p.13.s.8|9|1|140|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-6983.p.14.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-6983.p.15.s.1|7|1|240|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-6983.p.16.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-6983.p.16.s.2|12|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-6983.p.16.s.3|13|1|340|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-6983.p.16.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6983.p.17.s.1|17|1|690|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-6983.p.17.s.2|14|1|230|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-6983.p.17.s.3|19|1|1240|alpino_lc|955
T#wiki-6983.p.18.s.1|26|1|4080|alpino_lc|3045
T#wiki-6983.p.18.s.2|12|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-6983.p.19.s.1|12|1|290|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-6983.p.20.s.1|9|1|130|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-6983.p.20.s.2|15|1|1680|alpino_lc|1151
T#wiki-6983.p.20.s.3|10|1|200|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-6983.p.21.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-6983.p.21.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-6983.p.21.s.3|9|1|350|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-6983.p.21.s.4|9|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.1|16|1|1650|alpino_lc|1164
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.2|15|1|590|alpino_lc|470
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.3|9|1|200|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.4|33|1|1110|alpino_lc|640
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.5|14|1|330|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.6|22|1|7270|alpino_lc|3603
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.7|9|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-6983.p.22.s.8|46|1|62690|alpino_lc|43743
T#wiki-6983.p.23.s.1|26|1|1100|alpino_lc|295
T#wiki-6983.p.23.s.2|19|1|810|alpino_lc|262
T#wiki-6983.p.24.s.1|25|1|620|alpino_lc|194
T#wiki-6983.p.24.s.2|14|1|1380|alpino_lc|865
T#wiki-6983.p.25.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-6983.p.26.s.1|33|1|20080|alpino_lc|5742
T#wiki-6983.p.27.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6983.p.28.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-6984.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6984.p.2.s.1|14|1|160|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-6984.p.2.s.2|12|1|670|alpino_lc|482
T#wiki-6984.p.3.s.1|11|1|500|alpino_lc|181
T#wiki-6984.p.3.s.2|8|1|200|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-6984.p.3.s.3|42|1|50790|alpino_lc|17855
T#wiki-6984.p.3.s.4|19|1|4120|alpino_lc|4173
T#wiki-6984.p.3.s.5|31|1|6260|alpino_lc|3150
T#wiki-6984.p.4.s.1|33|1|6910|alpino_lc|4039
T#wiki-6984.p.4.s.2|18|1|360|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-6984.p.4.s.3|28|1|10090|alpino_lc|5247
T#wiki-6984.p.4.s.4|22|1|15830|alpino_lc|13516
T#wiki-6984.p.5.s.1|12|1|900|alpino_lc|558
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.2|4|1|90|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.3|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.4|5|1|340|alpino_lc|176
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.5|6|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-6984.p.6.s.7|6|1|90|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-6984.p.7.s.1|19|1|1180|alpino_lc|329
T#wiki-6984.p.8.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-6984.p.9.s.1|4|1|90|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-702.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-702.p.2.s.1|6|1|190|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-702.p.3.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-702.p.3.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-702.p.3.s.3|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7064.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7064.p.2.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-7064.p.3.s.1|41|1|6290|alpino_lc|4201
T#wiki-7064.p.3.s.2|14|1|180|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7064.p.4.s.1|27|1|1240|alpino_lc|654
T#wiki-7064.p.4.s.2|28|1|1060|alpino_lc|319
T#wiki-7064.p.5.s.1|9|1|210|alpino_lc|147
T#wiki-7064.p.6.s.1|16|1|240|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-7064.p.6.s.2|15|1|210|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-7064.p.7.s.1|16|1|480|alpino_lc|291
T#wiki-7064.p.8.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7064.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.10.s.1|18|1|1430|alpino_lc|927
T#wiki-7064.p.11.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7064.p.11.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7064.p.11.s.3|9|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7064.p.11.s.4|9|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7064.p.11.s.5|8|1|70|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-7064.p.12.s.1|13|1|1100|alpino_lc|532
T#wiki-7064.p.13.s.1|18|1|370|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-7064.p.13.s.2|15|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-7064.p.14.s.1|13|1|320|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-7064.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.16.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-7064.p.17.s.1|19|1|2190|alpino_lc|671
T#wiki-7064.p.17.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-7064.p.18.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-7064.p.19.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7064.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.21.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-7064.p.21.s.2|15|1|390|alpino_lc|173
T#wiki-7064.p.21.s.3|11|1|240|alpino_lc|138
T#wiki-7064.p.21.s.4|34|1|33800|alpino_lc|4389
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.5|3|1|10|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7064.p.22.s.6|4|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-7064.p.23.s.1|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|538
T#wiki-7064.p.23.s.2|11|1|760|alpino_lc|552
T#wiki-7064.p.23.s.3|31|1|14970|alpino_lc|3946
T#wiki-7064.p.24.s.1|25|1|14830|alpino_lc|6195
T#wiki-7064.p.25.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.26.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-7064.p.26.s.2|11|1|200|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7064.p.27.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.28.s.1|22|1|560|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-7064.p.28.s.2|17|1|700|alpino_lc|224
T#wiki-7064.p.28.s.3|22|1|410|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-7064.p.29.s.1|31|1|13040|alpino_lc|1480
T#wiki-7064.p.29.s.2|30|1|12660|alpino_lc|1478
T#wiki-7064.p.30.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-7064.p.31.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-7064.p.32.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-7064.p.32.s.2|11|1|450|alpino_lc|147
T#wiki-7064.p.33.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7064.p.34.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-7064.p.34.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-7064.p.35.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7064.p.36.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7064.p.36.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-7064.p.37.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7064.p.38.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7064.p.38.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-7064.p.38.s.3|10|1|130|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-7064.p.38.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7064.p.39.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7064.p.40.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7064.p.40.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-7064.p.40.s.3|10|1|150|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-7064.p.40.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-7064.p.41.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.42.s.1|19|1|590|alpino_lc|365
T#wiki-7064.p.43.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-7064.p.43.s.2|9|1|130|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-7064.p.44.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.45.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-7064.p.45.s.2|40|1|24630|alpino_lc|1722
T#wiki-7064.p.45.s.3|15|1|390|alpino_lc|328
T#wiki-7064.p.45.s.4|8|1|240|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-7064.p.45.s.5|30|1|3430|alpino_lc|3111
T#wiki-7064.p.46.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.1|26|1|25470|alpino_lc|905
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.2|19|1|3760|alpino_lc|1956
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.3|21|1|1970|alpino_lc|967
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.4|12|1|140|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.5|18|1|600|alpino_lc|339
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.6|13|1|410|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-7064.p.47.s.7|28|1|900|alpino_lc|559
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.1|19|1|450|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.2|21|1|830|alpino_lc|466
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.3|13|1|2110|alpino_lc|1832
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.4|14|1|340|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.5|21|1|490|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-7064.p.48.s.6|25|1|390|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.1|16|1|500|alpino_lc|236
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.2|16|1|320|alpino_lc|105
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.3|13|1|2340|alpino_lc|1471
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.4|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.5|13|1|190|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.6|17|1|250|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.7|11|1|250|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-7064.p.49.s.8|24|1|2800|alpino_lc|1028
T#wiki-7064.p.50.s.1|14|1|310|alpino_lc|158
T#wiki-7064.p.50.s.2|31|1|23050|alpino_lc|15364
T#wiki-7064.p.50.s.3|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|689
T#wiki-7064.p.50.s.4|34|1|3660|alpino_lc|3762
T#wiki-7064.p.51.s.1|22|1|2690|alpino_lc|1646
T#wiki-7064.p.51.s.2|16|1|1400|alpino_lc|379
T#wiki-7064.p.51.s.3|22|1|2300|alpino_lc|936
T#wiki-7064.p.51.s.4|19|1|3110|alpino_lc|1762
T#wiki-7064.p.51.s.5|19|1|4030|alpino_lc|2762
T#wiki-7064.p.52.s.1|53|1|11420|alpino_lc|3816
T#wiki-7064.p.53.s.1|59|1|17670|alpino_lc|4379
T#wiki-7064.p.53.s.2|34|1|12620|alpino_lc|7554
T#wiki-7064.p.54.s.1|29|1|720|alpino_lc|265
T#wiki-7064.p.54.s.2|22|1|1030|alpino_lc|842
T#wiki-7064.p.55.s.1|14|1|290|alpino_lc|172
T#wiki-7064.p.56.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.57.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.57.s.2|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7064.p.58.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7064.p.59.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7064.p.59.s.2|5|1|60|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-7097.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.2.s.1|10|1|410|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-7097.p.2.s.2|36|1|990|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-7097.p.2.s.3|12|1|220|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7097.p.2.s.4|10|1|270|alpino_lc|183
T#wiki-7097.p.2.s.5|9|1|220|alpino_lc|118
T#wiki-7097.p.3.s.1|28|1|17240|alpino_lc|10439
T#wiki-7097.p.4.s.1|41|1|9330|alpino_lc|4040
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.1|13|1|2070|alpino_lc|1497
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.2|21|1|1510|alpino_lc|234
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.3|15|1|350|alpino_lc|234
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.4|10|1|1360|alpino_lc|1034
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.5|19|1|460|alpino_lc|209
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.6|14|1|410|alpino_lc|278
T#wiki-7097.p.5.s.7|11|1|330|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-7097.p.6.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.3|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.5|11|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.7|3|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.8|3|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.9|3|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.10|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.11|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.12|6|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.13|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.14|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.15|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.16|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.17|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.18|4|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.19|5|1|50|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.20|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.21|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.22|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-7097.p.7.s.23|3|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7097.p.8.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7097.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.9.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7097.p.9.s.3|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7218.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7218.p.2.s.1|7|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-7218.p.3.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7218.p.3.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-7218.p.4.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-7218.p.5.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-7218.p.5.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-7218.p.5.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7218.p.5.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7218.p.5.s.5|10|1|150|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7218.p.6.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.3|12|1|100|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.4|9|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.5|10|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.6|7|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7218.p.7.s.7|7|1|60|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7218.p.8.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-7218.p.9.s.1|12|1|460|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-7218.p.9.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7298.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7298.p.2.s.1|7|1|290|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-7298.p.2.s.2|36|1|19710|alpino_lc|2050
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.1|16|1|290|alpino_lc|170
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.3|22|1|740|alpino_lc|497
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.4|25|1|500|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.5|24|1|1570|alpino_lc|1389
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.6|11|1|460|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-7298.p.3.s.7|46|1|13240|alpino_lc|3196
T#wiki-7298.p.4.s.1|21|1|1220|alpino_lc|916
T#wiki-7298.p.4.s.2|22|1|630|alpino_lc|211
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.1|28|1|6180|alpino_lc|875
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.2|30|1|6640|alpino_lc|1431
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.3|13|1|440|alpino_lc|264
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.4|28|1|3700|alpino_lc|1588
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.5|16|1|490|alpino_lc|196
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.6|24|1|16840|alpino_lc|3399
T#wiki-7298.p.5.s.7|13|1|1790|alpino_lc|929
T#wiki-7298.p.6.s.1|28|1|3920|alpino_lc|1308
T#wiki-7298.p.6.s.2|20|1|1220|alpino_lc|363
T#wiki-7298.p.6.s.3|23|1|920|alpino_lc|446
T#wiki-7298.p.6.s.4|17|1|1720|alpino_lc|1480
T#wiki-7298.p.7.s.1|13|1|480|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-7355.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7355.p.2.s.1|11|1|610|alpino_lc|403
T#wiki-7355.p.2.s.2|17|1|640|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-7355.p.2.s.3|50|1|167670|alpino_lc|19697
T#wiki-7355.p.2.s.4|10|1|120|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-7355.p.4.s.1|27|1|14400|alpino_lc|8317
T#wiki-7355.p.4.s.2|14|1|390|alpino_lc|182
T#wiki-7355.p.4.s.3|24|1|1100|alpino_lc|365
T#wiki-7355.p.5.s.1|15|1|1660|alpino_lc|1339
T#wiki-7355.p.5.s.2|13|1|330|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-7355.p.5.s.3|31|1|10900|alpino_lc|3064
T#wiki-7355.p.5.s.4|27|1|17430|alpino_lc|8046
T#wiki-7355.p.5.s.5|26|1|1230|alpino_lc|416
T#wiki-7355.p.6.s.1|19|1|50300|alpino_lc|62180
T#wiki-7355.p.6.s.2|16|1|490|alpino_lc|299
T#wiki-7355.p.6.s.3|28|1|760|alpino_lc|237
T#wiki-7355.p.6.s.4|13|1|690|alpino_lc|315
T#wiki-7355.p.7.s.1|40|1|8350|alpino_lc|5886
T#wiki-7355.p.8.s.1|17|1|1670|alpino_lc|492
T#wiki-7355.p.8.s.2|18|1|4460|alpino_lc|2913
T#wiki-7355.p.9.s.1.1|47|1|81010|alpino_lc|62691
T#wiki-7355.p.9.s.1.2|19|1|1950|alpino_lc|605
T#wiki-7355.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7355.p.11.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7355.p.12.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7355.p.12.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7355.p.12.s.3|7|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-7355.p.12.s.4|7|1|130|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-7355.p.12.s.5|5|1|110|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-737.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-737.p.2.s.1|26|1|660|alpino_lc|175
T#wiki-737.p.3.s.1|35|1|2550|alpino_lc|1109
T#wiki-737.p.4.s.1|24|1|17540|alpino_lc|11666
T#wiki-737.p.4.s.2|23|1|1740|alpino_lc|517
T#wiki-737.p.5.s.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|166
T#wiki-737.p.5.s.2|15|1|650|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-737.p.5.s.3|21|1|3180|alpino_lc|3697
T#wiki-737.p.5.s.4|20|1|1820|alpino_lc|890
T#wiki-737.p.6.s.1|24|1|1110|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-737.p.6.s.2|23|1|2280|alpino_lc|1384
T#wiki-737.p.6.s.3|26|1|2900|alpino_lc|1099
T#wiki-737.p.7.s.1|31|1|2600|alpino_lc|1079
T#wiki-737.p.7.s.2|13|1|820|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-737.p.8.s.1|14|1|2110|alpino_lc|917
T#wiki-737.p.8.s.2|20|1|5770|alpino_lc|5374
T#wiki-737.p.8.s.3|19|1|570|alpino_lc|416
T#wiki-737.p.9.s.1|40|1|18770|alpino_lc|10871
T#wiki-737.p.10.s.1|22|1|2380|alpino_lc|2874
T#wiki-737.p.10.s.2|24|1|2180|alpino_lc|563
T#wiki-737.p.10.s.3|39|1|4770|alpino_lc|1458
T#wiki-737.p.11.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-737.p.11.s.2|36|1|2860|alpino_lc|1207
T#wiki-737.p.11.s.3|28|1|1610|alpino_lc|1184
T#wiki-737.p.12.s.1|15|1|770|alpino_lc|290
T#wiki-737.p.13.s.1|20|1|570|alpino_lc|178
T#wiki-737.p.13.s.2|17|1|1080|alpino_lc|1205
T#wiki-737.p.14.s.1|15|1|670|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-737.p.15.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-737.p.16.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-7542.p.1.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7542.p.2.s.1|15|1|1760|alpino_lc|1227
T#wiki-7542.p.2.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-7542.p.2.s.3|6|1|120|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-7542.p.3.s.1|26|1|1640|alpino_lc|592
T#wiki-7542.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7542.p.5.s.1|33|1|14220|alpino_lc|6978
T#wiki-7542.p.6.s.1|15|1|1070|alpino_lc|397
T#wiki-7542.p.6.s.2|12|1|1070|alpino_lc|699
T#wiki-7542.p.7.s.1|22|1|12210|alpino_lc|6581
T#wiki-7542.p.8.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7542.p.9.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7543.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.1|19|1|8140|alpino_lc|6006
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.2|12|1|360|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.3|12|1|450|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.4|34|1|11900|alpino_lc|3342
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.5|20|1|520|alpino_lc|262
T#wiki-7543.p.2.s.6|12|1|800|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-7543.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.4.s.1|23|1|2330|alpino_lc|1442
T#wiki-7543.p.4.s.2|29|1|24490|alpino_lc|17348
T#wiki-7543.p.4.s.3|19|1|3810|alpino_lc|2289
T#wiki-7543.p.5.s.1|42|1|49240|alpino_lc|19390
T#wiki-7543.p.6.s.1|54|1|20430|alpino_lc|5681
T#wiki-7543.p.6.s.2|39|1|6830|alpino_lc|1727
T#wiki-7543.p.6.s.3|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-7543.p.7.s.1|19|1|2250|alpino_lc|726
T#wiki-7543.p.7.s.2|68|1|17990|alpino_lc|4957
T#wiki-7543.p.8.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.1|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|334
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.2|12|1|260|alpino_lc|167
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.3|28|1|1580|alpino_lc|895
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.4|20|1|330|alpino_lc|68
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.5|31|1|2490|alpino_lc|896
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.6|26|1|6760|alpino_lc|4836
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.7|22|1|17590|alpino_lc|24157
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.8|34|1|3790|alpino_lc|2363
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.9|30|1|1570|alpino_lc|546
T#wiki-7543.p.9.s.10|14|1|1480|alpino_lc|1165
T#wiki-7543.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.11.s.1|51|1|39930|alpino_lc|30651
T#wiki-7543.p.11.s.2|10|1|270|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-7543.p.11.s.3|52|1|30410|alpino_lc|17952
T#wiki-7543.p.12.s.1|24|1|3710|alpino_lc|2123
T#wiki-7543.p.13.s.1|22|1|1520|alpino_lc|895
T#wiki-7543.p.13.s.2|50|1|11690|alpino_lc|5585
T#wiki-7543.p.13.s.3|13|1|500|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-7543.p.13.s.4|19|1|720|alpino_lc|410
T#wiki-7543.p.14.s.1|30|1|9410|alpino_lc|2869
T#wiki-7543.p.14.s.2|11|1|310|alpino_lc|144
T#wiki-7543.p.15.s.1|22|1|1740|alpino_lc|999
T#wiki-7543.p.15.s.2|31|1|15830|alpino_lc|5914
T#wiki-7543.p.16.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-7543.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.18.s.1|22|1|420|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-7543.p.18.s.2|12|1|390|alpino_lc|278
T#wiki-7543.p.18.s.3|33|1|13970|alpino_lc|5283
T#wiki-7543.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.20.s.1|16|1|700|alpino_lc|250
T#wiki-7543.p.20.s.2|15|1|320|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-7543.p.20.s.3|13|1|1440|alpino_lc|708
T#wiki-7543.p.20.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-7543.p.20.s.5|10|1|170|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-7543.p.21.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.22.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-7543.p.22.s.2|8|1|190|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-7543.p.22.s.3|4|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-7543.p.22.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7543.p.22.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.23.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.24.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.25.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-7543.p.25.s.2|16|1|170|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-7543.p.25.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-7543.p.25.s.4|29|1|970|alpino_lc|407
T#wiki-7543.p.25.s.5|7|1|260|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-7543.p.26.s.1|3|1|60|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-7543.p.27.s.1|15|1|600|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-7543.p.27.s.2|16|1|1080|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-7543.p.27.s.3|19|1|730|alpino_lc|602
T#wiki-7543.p.28.s.1|19|1|1270|alpino_lc|633
T#wiki-7543.p.28.s.2|12|1|190|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-7543.p.29.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.30.s.1|17|1|730|alpino_lc|429
T#wiki-7543.p.30.s.2|15|1|4930|alpino_lc|3189
T#wiki-7543.p.30.s.3|27|1|6820|alpino_lc|3504
T#wiki-7543.p.30.s.4|26|1|1700|alpino_lc|1050
T#wiki-7543.p.30.s.5|7|1|250|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-7543.p.31.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-7543.p.32.s.1|29|1|1460|alpino_lc|552
T#wiki-7543.p.33.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.1|51|1|71470|alpino_lc|16486
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.3|15|1|2640|alpino_lc|960
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.4|15|1|450|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.5|23|1|2890|alpino_lc|589
T#wiki-7543.p.34.s.6|34|1|1840|alpino_lc|496
T#wiki-7543.p.35.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.36.s.1|19|1|8490|alpino_lc|3311
T#wiki-7543.p.36.s.2|88|1|47070|alpino_lc|7518
T#wiki-7543.p.36.s.3|22|1|2420|alpino_lc|993
T#wiki-7543.p.37.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.38.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.39.s.1|64|1|1000|alpino_lc|500
T#wiki-7543.p.40.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7543.p.41.s.1|28|1|11280|alpino_lc|5365
T#wiki-7543.p.41.s.2|13|1|2370|alpino_lc|1421
T#wiki-7543.p.41.s.3|7|1|310|alpino_lc|166
T#wiki-7543.p.41.s.4|7|1|270|alpino_lc|166
T#wiki-7543.p.41.s.5|23|1|3020|alpino_lc|1879
T#wiki-7543.p.42.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.1|15|1|170|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.2|11|1|180|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.3|20|1|680|alpino_lc|124
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.4|13|1|150|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.5|8|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.6|11|1|170|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.7|9|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.8|9|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-7543.p.43.s.9|8|1|80|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-7543.p.44.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7543.p.45.s.1|13|1|170|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-7543.p.46.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7543.p.47.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-7543.p.47.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7543.p.47.s.3|8|1|140|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7543.p.47.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7585.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7585.p.2.s.1|23|1|310|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-7585.p.3.s.1|58|1|48090|alpino_lc|11062
T#wiki-7585.p.4.s.1|35|1|10190|alpino_lc|2391
T#wiki-7585.p.5.s.1|24|1|12600|alpino_lc|7604
T#wiki-7585.p.5.s.2|24|1|1010|alpino_lc|319
T#wiki-7585.p.5.s.3|16|1|2960|alpino_lc|2410
T#wiki-7585.p.6.s.1|18|1|4270|alpino_lc|573
T#wiki-7585.p.7.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7585.p.8.s.1|12|1|240|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-7585.p.9.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.10.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7585.p.11.s.1|11|1|220|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-7585.p.12.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-7585.p.13.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-7585.p.14.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7585.p.14.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7585.p.15.s.1|9|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-7585.p.16.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-7585.p.17.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.18.s.1|13|1|360|alpino_lc|130
T#wiki-7585.p.19.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-7585.p.20.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7585.p.20.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-7585.p.21.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-7585.p.22.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-7585.p.23.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7585.p.24.s.1|11|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7585.p.25.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7585.p.25.s.2|11|1|130|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-7585.p.26.s.1|10|1|200|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-7585.p.27.s.1|10|1|80|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-7585.p.28.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-7585.p.29.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7585.p.29.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-7585.p.30.s.1|17|1|240|alpino_lc|108
T#wiki-7585.p.31.s.1|10|1|130|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7585.p.32.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.33.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-7585.p.34.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|142
T#wiki-7585.p.35.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.36.s.1|8|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.37.s.1|13|1|240|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-7585.p.38.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.39.s.1|9|1|140|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-7585.p.40.s.1|23|1|710|alpino_lc|291
T#wiki-7585.p.40.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-7585.p.41.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7585.p.42.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-7585.p.43.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-7585.p.44.s.1|8|1|110|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.45.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.46.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.47.s.1|14|1|390|alpino_lc|190
T#wiki-7585.p.48.s.1|8|1|70|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.49.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.50.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-7585.p.51.s.1|9|1|170|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-7585.p.52.s.1|12|1|190|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-7585.p.53.s.1|7|1|110|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-7585.p.54.s.1|11|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7585.p.55.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-7585.p.56.s.1|8|1|100|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7585.p.57.s.1|9|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-7585.p.58.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-7585.p.59.s.1|9|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-7585.p.60.s.1|8|1|80|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-7585.p.61.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7585.p.62.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7585.p.62.s.2|4|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-7585.p.62.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7793.p.1.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.1|33|1|20690|alpino_lc|2171
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.2|12|1|180|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.3|19|1|360|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.4|19|1|7990|alpino_lc|5020
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.5|31|1|1050|alpino_lc|183
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.6|34|1|1420|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-7793.p.2.s.7|15|1|140|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-7793.p.3.s.1|30|1|15920|alpino_lc|5944
T#wiki-7793.p.3.s.2|31|1|9490|alpino_lc|1146
T#wiki-7793.p.3.s.3|13|1|1810|alpino_lc|1129
T#wiki-7793.p.4.s.1|14|1|500|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-7793.p.4.s.2|20|1|510|alpino_lc|308
T#wiki-7793.p.5.s.1|2|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7793.p.6.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7793.p.6.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7793.p.7.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7793.p.8.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7891.p.1.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.2.s.1|12|1|180|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-7891.p.2.s.2|11|1|170|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-7891.p.2.s.3|10|1|540|alpino_lc|341
T#wiki-7891.p.2.s.4|13|1|560|alpino_lc|280
T#wiki-7891.p.3.s.1|23|1|7950|alpino_lc|4499
T#wiki-7891.p.3.s.2|11|1|430|alpino_lc|154
T#wiki-7891.p.3.s.3|17|1|830|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-7891.p.4.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.5.s.1|33|1|11360|alpino_lc|5959
T#wiki-7891.p.6.s.1|23|1|850|alpino_lc|644
T#wiki-7891.p.7.s.1|18|1|2250|alpino_lc|1555
T#wiki-7891.p.7.s.2|41|1|9600|alpino_lc|2723
T#wiki-7891.p.8.s.1|49|1|12660|alpino_lc|4080
T#wiki-7891.p.8.s.2|19|1|2010|alpino_lc|1041
T#wiki-7891.p.8.s.3|24|1|940|alpino_lc|658
T#wiki-7891.p.9.s.1|36|1|24040|alpino_lc|20791
T#wiki-7891.p.10.s.1|13|1|210|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-7891.p.10.s.2|18|1|750|alpino_lc|313
T#wiki-7891.p.10.s.3|31|1|1310|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-7891.p.11.s.1|22|1|1590|alpino_lc|1583
T#wiki-7891.p.12.s.1|17|1|350|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-7891.p.12.s.2|7|1|160|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-7891.p.12.s.3|16|1|2060|alpino_lc|1602
T#wiki-7891.p.12.s.4|7|1|140|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-7891.p.12.s.5|28|1|15540|alpino_lc|6267
T#wiki-7891.p.13.s.1|23|1|1030|alpino_lc|457
T#wiki-7891.p.14.s.1|11|1|320|alpino_lc|241
T#wiki-7891.p.14.s.2|16|1|670|alpino_lc|537
T#wiki-7891.p.14.s.3|17|1|2590|alpino_lc|2203
T#wiki-7891.p.14.s.4|10|1|280|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-7891.p.15.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7891.p.16.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-7891.p.16.s.2|10|1|130|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-7891.p.16.s.3|11|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-7891.p.17.s.1|13|1|710|alpino_lc|591
T#wiki-7891.p.18.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.4|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.5|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.19.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.21.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-7891.p.21.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-7891.p.22.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.3|4|1|40|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.8|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.9|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.23.s.10|5|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-7891.p.24.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|19
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.4|4|1|90|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.5|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.25.s.6|5|1|50|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7891.p.26.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.1|7|1|230|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.5|3|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.6|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.7|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.8|3|1|30|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.9|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.10|5|1|100|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.11|3|1|120|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.12|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.13|5|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.14|5|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.15|2|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.16|4|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.17|3|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7891.p.27.s.18|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.28.s.1|5|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.2|4|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.3|2|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.4|5|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.29.s.6|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-7891.p.31.s.1|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-7891.p.32.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7891.p.33.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-7891.p.33.s.2|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.33.s.3|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-7891.p.33.s.4|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8030.p.1.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.1|7|1|180|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.3|34|1|14200|alpino_lc|11283
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.4|13|1|600|alpino_lc|398
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.5|9|1|110|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.6|24|1|9550|alpino_lc|1248
T#wiki-8030.p.2.s.7|26|1|900|alpino_lc|322
T#wiki-8030.p.3.s.1|11|1|130|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-8030.p.4.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-8030.p.5.s.1|5|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-8030.p.5.s.2|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-8238.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8238.p.2.s.1|24|1|1090|alpino_lc|307
T#wiki-8238.p.3.s.1|27|1|5520|alpino_lc|1981
T#wiki-8238.p.4.s.1|21|1|24850|alpino_lc|7641
T#wiki-8238.p.5.s.1|34|1|4460|alpino_lc|2236
T#wiki-8238.p.5.s.2|28|1|17280|alpino_lc|12145
T#wiki-8238.p.5.s.3|26|1|15130|alpino_lc|4856
T#wiki-8238.p.5.s.4|27|1|2760|alpino_lc|442
T#wiki-8238.p.6.s.1|14|1|1320|alpino_lc|809
T#wiki-8238.p.7.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-8238.p.8.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-832.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-832.p.2.s.1|21|1|180|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-832.p.2.s.2|15|1|2200|alpino_lc|954
T#wiki-832.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-832.p.4.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.1|16|1|1720|alpino_lc|737
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|201
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.4|16|1|1080|alpino_lc|709
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.5|13|1|280|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.6|11|1|600|alpino_lc|161
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.7|28|1|37520|alpino_lc|12377
T#wiki-832.p.5.s.8|8|1|230|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.1|28|1|13410|alpino_lc|818
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.3|22|1|530|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.4|39|1|4370|alpino_lc|2084
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.5|20|1|1160|alpino_lc|889
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.6|16|1|740|alpino_lc|225
T#wiki-832.p.6.s.7|22|1|3900|alpino_lc|498
T#wiki-832.p.7.s.1|8|1|230|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-832.p.7.s.2|30|1|4710|alpino_lc|2803
T#wiki-832.p.7.s.3|8|1|240|alpino_lc|220
T#wiki-832.p.7.s.4|11|1|110|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.1|21|1|2830|alpino_lc|673
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.2|9|1|280|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.3|13|1|260|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.4|6|1|70|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.5|32|1|1590|alpino_lc|1145
T#wiki-832.p.8.s.6|9|1|90|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-832.p.9.s.1|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.1|12|1|580|alpino_lc|359
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.2|20|1|1380|alpino_lc|555
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.3|30|1|720|alpino_lc|377
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.4|26|1|10700|alpino_lc|1927
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.5|9|1|210|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.6|15|1|2160|alpino_lc|1471
T#wiki-832.p.10.s.7|28|1|5970|alpino_lc|7183
T#wiki-832.p.11.s.1|21|1|1410|alpino_lc|611
T#wiki-832.p.11.s.2|55|1|18910|alpino_lc|4430
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.1|25|1|1850|alpino_lc|766
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.2|14|1|1230|alpino_lc|1045
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.3|6|1|70|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.4|17|1|790|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.5|9|1|200|alpino_lc|128
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.6|14|1|1480|alpino_lc|791
T#wiki-832.p.12.s.7|12|1|250|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-832.p.13.s.1|68|1|10550|alpino_lc|11202
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.1|20|1|350|alpino_lc|179
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.2|11|1|1460|alpino_lc|601
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.3|25|1|10220|alpino_lc|3332
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.4|27|1|14360|alpino_lc|1322
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.5|22|1|1930|alpino_lc|778
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.6|20|1|1830|alpino_lc|618
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.7|11|1|150|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-832.p.14.s.8|15|1|560|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-832.p.15.s.1|58|1|27810|alpino_lc|22364
T#wiki-832.p.15.s.2|46|1|4630|alpino_lc|3684
T#wiki-832.p.16.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-832.p.17.s.1|61|1|4710|alpino_lc|3591
T#wiki-832.p.17.s.2|17|1|490|alpino_lc|167
T#wiki-832.p.18.s.1|24|1|830|alpino_lc|375
T#wiki-832.p.19.s.1|12|1|390|alpino_lc|209
T#wiki-832.p.19.s.2|20|1|420|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-832.p.19.s.3|11|1|570|alpino_lc|553
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.1|14|1|150|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.2|9|1|330|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.3|9|1|160|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.4|13|1|590|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.5|31|1|5320|alpino_lc|1200
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.6|17|1|2800|alpino_lc|2329
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.7|13|1|920|alpino_lc|648
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.8|16|1|210|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.9|17|1|750|alpino_lc|282
T#wiki-832.p.20.s.10|26|1|16740|alpino_lc|9282
T#wiki-832.p.21.s.1|39|1|14790|alpino_lc|1667
T#wiki-832.p.22.s.1|45|1|11640|alpino_lc|9445
T#wiki-832.p.22.s.2|23|1|10780|alpino_lc|15243
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.1|25|1|2590|alpino_lc|713
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.2|20|1|570|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.4|12|1|420|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.5|25|1|1120|alpino_lc|504
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.6|12|1|450|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-832.p.23.s.7|28|1|3650|alpino_lc|1935
T#wiki-832.p.24.s.1|33|1|9760|alpino_lc|1425
T#wiki-832.p.25.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-832.p.26.s.1|18|1|1010|alpino_lc|401
T#wiki-832.p.26.s.2|69|1|8220|alpino_lc|2147
T#wiki-832.p.26.s.3|11|1|230|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-832.p.26.s.4|10|1|220|alpino_lc|150
T#wiki-832.p.26.s.5|11|1|220|alpino_lc|125
T#wiki-832.p.27.s.1|14|1|3390|alpino_lc|2256
T#wiki-832.p.27.s.2|10|1|540|alpino_lc|267
T#wiki-832.p.27.s.3|32|1|17780|alpino_lc|1460
T#wiki-832.p.27.s.4|17|1|470|alpino_lc|307
T#wiki-832.p.28.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-832.p.29.s.1|26|1|6760|alpino_lc|2539
T#wiki-832.p.29.s.2|23|1|1700|alpino_lc|1334
T#wiki-832.p.29.s.3|19|1|1840|alpino_lc|1044
T#wiki-832.p.30.s.1|15|1|470|alpino_lc|189
T#wiki-832.p.30.s.2|26|1|1520|alpino_lc|585
T#wiki-832.p.30.s.3|15|1|4710|alpino_lc|5948
T#wiki-832.p.30.s.4|16|1|1920|alpino_lc|1243
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.1|31|1|17080|alpino_lc|8292
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.2|71|1|805560|alpino_lc|61770
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.3|10|1|820|alpino_lc|470
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.4|20|1|290|alpino_lc|89
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.5|18|1|2600|alpino_lc|2109
T#wiki-832.p.31.s.6|15|1|380|alpino_lc|210
T#wiki-832.p.32.s.1|19|1|8760|alpino_lc|2045
T#wiki-832.p.32.s.2|24|1|8480|alpino_lc|2598
T#wiki-832.p.32.s.3|14|1|440|alpino_lc|252
T#wiki-832.p.32.s.4|24|1|3110|alpino_lc|1206
T#wiki-832.p.32.s.5|12|1|200|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-832.p.33.s.1|27|1|2930|alpino_lc|1402
T#wiki-832.p.33.s.2|7|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-832.p.33.s.3|24|1|6260|alpino_lc|4487
T#wiki-832.p.33.s.4|7|1|110|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-832.p.33.s.5|15|1|1520|alpino_lc|511
T#wiki-832.p.34.s.1|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|923
T#wiki-832.p.34.s.2|57|1|63420|alpino_lc|7551
T#wiki-832.p.34.s.3|18|1|2630|alpino_lc|2128
T#wiki-832.p.35.s.1|81|1|13040|alpino_lc|2993
T#wiki-832.p.36.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-832.p.37.s.1|28|1|950|alpino_lc|519
T#wiki-832.p.37.s.2|20|1|2750|alpino_lc|1216
T#wiki-832.p.37.s.3|23|1|2380|alpino_lc|1228
T#wiki-832.p.37.s.4|26|1|7000|alpino_lc|2361
T#wiki-832.p.38.s.1|13|1|2250|alpino_lc|1595
T#wiki-832.p.38.s.2|22|1|3550|alpino_lc|1208
T#wiki-832.p.39.s.1|38|1|1110|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-832.p.39.s.2|13|1|960|alpino_lc|1047
T#wiki-832.p.40.s.1|30|1|1250|alpino_lc|597
T#wiki-832.p.40.s.2|37|1|18520|alpino_lc|10352
T#wiki-832.p.41.s.1|25|1|9280|alpino_lc|6385
T#wiki-832.p.41.s.2|23|1|9440|alpino_lc|4444
T#wiki-832.p.41.s.3|13|1|830|alpino_lc|648
T#wiki-832.p.42.s.1|29|1|3580|alpino_lc|2771
T#wiki-832.p.43.s.1|22|1|1130|alpino_lc|836
T#wiki-832.p.43.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-832.p.43.s.3|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|680
T#wiki-832.p.44.s.1|4|1|170|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-832.p.45.s.1|14|1|860|alpino_lc|478
T#wiki-832.p.45.s.2|21|1|1880|alpino_lc|2573
T#wiki-832.p.45.s.3|37|1|18230|alpino_lc|1865
T#wiki-832.p.46.s.1|13|1|230|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-832.p.46.s.2|18|1|4760|alpino_lc|3488
T#wiki-832.p.46.s.3|40|1|10630|alpino_lc|2267
T#wiki-832.p.46.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-832.p.47.s.1|133|1|76640|alpino_lc|54595
T#wiki-832.p.48.s.1|73|1|9370|alpino_lc|5431
T#wiki-832.p.49.s.1|18|1|1000|alpino_lc|458
T#wiki-832.p.49.s.2|15|1|900|alpino_lc|316
T#wiki-832.p.49.s.3|49|1|14940|alpino_lc|5688
T#wiki-832.p.50.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.1|30|1|8390|alpino_lc|770
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.2|17|1|900|alpino_lc|346
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.3|47|1|6220|alpino_lc|1532
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.4|25|1|1100|alpino_lc|425
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.5|10|1|300|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-832.p.51.s.6|7|1|170|alpino_lc|94
T#wiki-832.p.52.s.1|40|1|25300|alpino_lc|6644
T#wiki-832.p.53.s.1|24|1|1250|alpino_lc|316
T#wiki-832.p.53.s.2|13|1|370|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-832.p.53.s.3|12|1|360|alpino_lc|146
T#wiki-832.p.53.s.4|11|1|300|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-832.p.54.s.1|1|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-832.p.55.s.1|18|1|260|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-832.p.55.s.2|11|1|110|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-832.p.55.s.3|22|1|720|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-832.p.55.s.4|14|1|480|alpino_lc|105
T#wiki-859.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-859.p.2.s.1|34|1|4040|alpino_lc|1049
T#wiki-859.p.2.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-859.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-859.p.4.s.1|7|1|260|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-859.p.4.s.2|15|1|760|alpino_lc|505
T#wiki-859.p.4.s.3|14|1|470|alpino_lc|180
T#wiki-859.p.5.s.1|9|1|160|alpino_lc|135
T#wiki-859.p.5.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-859.p.5.s.3|10|1|380|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-859.p.5.s.4|8|1|560|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-859.p.6.s.1|32|1|6010|alpino_lc|2383
T#wiki-859.p.7.s.1|21|1|1930|alpino_lc|1189
T#wiki-859.p.7.s.2|16|1|820|alpino_lc|779
T#wiki-859.p.8.s.1|29|1|1090|alpino_lc|722
T#wiki-859.p.9.s.1|18|1|710|alpino_lc|531
T#wiki-859.p.10.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-859.p.11.s.1|28|1|2570|alpino_lc|1294
T#wiki-859.p.11.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-859.p.11.s.3|14|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-859.p.11.s.4|46|1|17880|alpino_lc|15348
T#wiki-859.p.12.s.1|19|1|4580|alpino_lc|1495
T#wiki-859.p.12.s.2|11|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-859.p.13.s.1|5|1|190|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-859.p.14.s.1|8|1|170|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-859.p.14.s.2|6|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-859.p.14.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-859.p.14.s.4|11|1|270|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-859.p.14.s.5|7|1|90|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-859.p.15.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-859.p.16.s.1|13|1|1130|alpino_lc|336
T#wiki-859.p.17.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-859.p.17.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-859.p.17.s.3|6|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-859.p.17.s.4|4|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-859.p.18.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-859.p.19.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-859.p.20.s.1|16|1|380|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-859.p.20.s.2|8|1|90|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-859.p.20.s.3|8|1|280|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-8628.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.2.s.1|6|1|140|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-8628.p.2.s.2|9|1|220|alpino_lc|71
T#wiki-8628.p.2.s.3|24|1|20720|alpino_lc|4085
T#wiki-8628.p.2.s.4|17|1|400|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-8628.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.1|19|1|1670|alpino_lc|1644
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.2|12|1|1080|alpino_lc|402
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.3|21|1|1440|alpino_lc|216
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.4|23|1|2220|alpino_lc|1747
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.5|14|1|110|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-8628.p.4.s.6|16|1|2250|alpino_lc|1726
T#wiki-8628.p.5.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.6.s.1|15|1|7770|alpino_lc|4028
T#wiki-8628.p.6.s.2|9|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-8628.p.7.s.1|23|1|11040|alpino_lc|6851
T#wiki-8628.p.7.s.2|16|1|310|alpino_lc|118
T#wiki-8628.p.7.s.3|20|1|970|alpino_lc|1013
T#wiki-8628.p.8.s.1|27|1|4170|alpino_lc|2271
T#wiki-8628.p.8.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-8628.p.9.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.10.s.1|23|1|6190|alpino_lc|3664
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.1|18|1|1920|alpino_lc|1098
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.3|16|1|710|alpino_lc|318
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.4|14|1|260|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.5|19|1|6000|alpino_lc|3298
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.6|26|1|880|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.7|7|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.8|11|1|180|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.9|12|1|930|alpino_lc|438
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.10|23|1|10450|alpino_lc|5122
T#wiki-8628.p.11.s.11|17|1|660|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-8628.p.12.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-8628.p.12.s.2|33|1|4270|alpino_lc|915
T#wiki-8628.p.12.s.3|25|1|580|alpino_lc|274
T#wiki-8628.p.12.s.4|16|1|310|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-8628.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.14.s.1|12|1|330|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-8628.p.14.s.2|21|1|2550|alpino_lc|1458
T#wiki-8628.p.14.s.3|20|1|1030|alpino_lc|976
T#wiki-8628.p.14.s.4|14|1|220|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-8628.p.14.s.5|19|1|1330|alpino_lc|585
T#wiki-8628.p.15.s.1|18|1|360|alpino_lc|203
T#wiki-8628.p.15.s.2|19|1|280|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-8628.p.15.s.3|7|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-8628.p.16.s.1|18|1|2140|alpino_lc|1115
T#wiki-8628.p.16.s.2|18|1|2570|alpino_lc|1817
T#wiki-8628.p.17.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.2|17|1|810|alpino_lc|216
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.3|24|1|1180|alpino_lc|373
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.4|28|1|2120|alpino_lc|438
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.5|28|1|3930|alpino_lc|2399
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.6|17|1|670|alpino_lc|447
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.7|10|1|360|alpino_lc|160
T#wiki-8628.p.18.s.8|28|1|20430|alpino_lc|2553
T#wiki-8628.p.19.s.1|53|1|3790|alpino_lc|1976
T#wiki-8628.p.20.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.1|12|1|5460|alpino_lc|2528
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.2|24|1|5820|alpino_lc|3492
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.3|34|1|9030|alpino_lc|5355
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.4|11|1|1140|alpino_lc|618
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.5|11|1|290|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.6|16|1|2110|alpino_lc|1830
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.7|31|1|360|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.8|21|1|7020|alpino_lc|1714
T#wiki-8628.p.21.s.9|36|1|27840|alpino_lc|8337
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.1|27|1|7640|alpino_lc|5859
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.2|19|1|1250|alpino_lc|624
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.3|32|1|7420|alpino_lc|4090
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.4|21|1|1870|alpino_lc|2048
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.5|28|1|14260|alpino_lc|20992
T#wiki-8628.p.22.s.6|27|1|580|alpino_lc|415
T#wiki-8628.p.23.s.1|11|1|260|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-8628.p.23.s.2|21|1|1100|alpino_lc|413
T#wiki-8628.p.23.s.3|21|1|1040|alpino_lc|296
T#wiki-8628.p.23.s.4|6|1|50|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-8628.p.24.s.1|15|1|190|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-8628.p.24.s.2|14|1|250|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-8628.p.24.s.3|26|1|1070|alpino_lc|633
T#wiki-8628.p.24.s.4|14|1|140|alpino_lc|66
T#wiki-8628.p.24.s.5|14|1|300|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-8628.p.25.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-8628.p.26.s.1|15|1|580|alpino_lc|260
T#wiki-8628.p.26.s.2|7|1|260|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-8628.p.27.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-8628.p.27.s.2|10|1|140|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-8628.p.27.s.3|7|1|60|alpino_lc|18
T#wiki-8628.p.27.s.4|10|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-8628.p.28.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.2|7|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.3|15|1|240|alpino_lc|149
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.4|8|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.5|5|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.6|10|1|340|alpino_lc|102
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.7|8|1|210|alpino_lc|77
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.8|9|1|180|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-8628.p.29.s.9|4|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.30.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.4|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.5|3|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.7|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8628.p.31.s.8|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.2.s.1|27|1|1450|alpino_lc|491
T#wiki-866.p.2.s.2|40|1|18000|alpino_lc|10595
T#wiki-866.p.3.s.1|13|1|770|alpino_lc|485
T#wiki-866.p.3.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-866.p.3.s.3|32|1|5360|alpino_lc|3905
T#wiki-866.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.5.s.1|24|1|3980|alpino_lc|2743
T#wiki-866.p.5.s.2|17|1|3190|alpino_lc|1174
T#wiki-866.p.5.s.3|23|1|12100|alpino_lc|13123
T#wiki-866.p.5.s.4|22|1|1640|alpino_lc|921
T#wiki-866.p.6.s.1|31|1|9080|alpino_lc|3915
T#wiki-866.p.6.s.2|18|1|2580|alpino_lc|2482
T#wiki-866.p.7.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.8.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-866.p.9.s.1|20|1|320|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-866.p.9.s.2|23|1|1970|alpino_lc|971
T#wiki-866.p.9.s.3|12|1|1210|alpino_lc|996
T#wiki-866.p.9.s.4|22|1|1340|alpino_lc|1346
T#wiki-866.p.10.s.1|28|1|1990|alpino_lc|1472
T#wiki-866.p.10.s.2|8|1|50|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-866.p.10.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-866.p.10.s.4|32|1|550|alpino_lc|311
T#wiki-866.p.11.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-866.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.13.s.1|21|1|1340|alpino_lc|1174
T#wiki-866.p.14.s.1|24|1|3020|alpino_lc|2233
T#wiki-866.p.14.s.2|24|1|16810|alpino_lc|6474
T#wiki-866.p.15.s.1|25|1|2890|alpino_lc|1569
T#wiki-866.p.15.s.2|37|1|20390|alpino_lc|2467
T#wiki-866.p.15.s.3|23|1|11470|alpino_lc|10587
T#wiki-866.p.16.s.1|17|1|1250|alpino_lc|735
T#wiki-866.p.17.s.1|13|1|430|alpino_lc|179
T#wiki-866.p.17.s.2|11|1|410|alpino_lc|418
T#wiki-866.p.17.s.3|33|1|7690|alpino_lc|4549
T#wiki-866.p.18.s.1|6|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-866.p.19.s.1|29|1|5500|alpino_lc|3615
T#wiki-866.p.19.s.2|22|1|1500|alpino_lc|1009
T#wiki-866.p.19.s.3|20|1|940|alpino_lc|545
T#wiki-866.p.19.s.4|15|1|320|alpino_lc|153
T#wiki-866.p.20.s.1|18|1|220|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.1|33|1|26840|alpino_lc|45411
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.2|11|1|460|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.3|15|1|2040|alpino_lc|2563
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.4|16|1|590|alpino_lc|395
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.5|18|1|500|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.6|26|1|2060|alpino_lc|1114
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.7|19|1|1050|alpino_lc|618
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.8|10|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.9|9|1|120|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-866.p.21.s.10|14|1|260|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-866.p.22.s.1|14|1|1140|alpino_lc|812
T#wiki-866.p.23.s.1|36|1|12870|alpino_lc|2486
T#wiki-866.p.23.s.2|37|1|78720|alpino_lc|38696
T#wiki-866.p.24.s.1|13|1|600|alpino_lc|664
T#wiki-866.p.24.s.2|14|1|280|alpino_lc|242
T#wiki-866.p.25.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.26.s.1|32|1|1180|alpino_lc|1008
T#wiki-866.p.26.s.2|15|1|550|alpino_lc|528
T#wiki-866.p.26.s.3|23|1|1380|alpino_lc|543
T#wiki-866.p.26.s.4|20|1|4400|alpino_lc|2793
T#wiki-866.p.26.s.5|21|1|970|alpino_lc|573
T#wiki-866.p.27.s.1|14|1|300|alpino_lc|269
T#wiki-866.p.27.s.2|28|1|550|alpino_lc|340
T#wiki-866.p.27.s.3|11|1|350|alpino_lc|234
T#wiki-866.p.28.s.1|27|1|3580|alpino_lc|2148
T#wiki-866.p.28.s.2|8|1|680|alpino_lc|516
T#wiki-866.p.28.s.3|10|1|190|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-866.p.29.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.30.s.1|21|1|2530|alpino_lc|2496
T#wiki-866.p.30.s.2|21|1|1090|alpino_lc|1479
T#wiki-866.p.30.s.3|31|1|19630|alpino_lc|4584
T#wiki-866.p.30.s.4|10|1|320|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-866.p.30.s.5|20|1|1100|alpino_lc|563
T#wiki-866.p.31.s.1|33|1|14960|alpino_lc|5103
T#wiki-866.p.31.s.2|18|1|1020|alpino_lc|673
T#wiki-866.p.32.s.1|40|1|6430|alpino_lc|5457
T#wiki-866.p.32.s.2|14|1|780|alpino_lc|953
T#wiki-866.p.33.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.1|19|1|5920|alpino_lc|3889
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.2|16|1|270|alpino_lc|206
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.3|18|1|250|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.4|14|1|360|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.5|20|1|410|alpino_lc|366
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.6|24|1|1020|alpino_lc|327
T#wiki-866.p.34.s.7|45|1|22890|alpino_lc|8665
T#wiki-866.p.35.s.1|10|1|140|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-866.p.35.s.2|19|1|280|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-866.p.35.s.3|13|1|590|alpino_lc|647
T#wiki-866.p.36.s.1|57|1|60600|alpino_lc|54852
T#wiki-866.p.36.s.2|29|1|10640|alpino_lc|5104
T#wiki-866.p.36.s.3|40|1|8070|alpino_lc|14929
T#wiki-866.p.37.s.1|35|1|5730|alpino_lc|3764
T#wiki-866.p.38.s.1|34|1|15580|alpino_lc|2937
T#wiki-866.p.38.s.2|24|1|700|alpino_lc|359
T#wiki-866.p.38.s.3|26|1|31170|alpino_lc|23177
T#wiki-866.p.39.s.1|16|1|570|alpino_lc|480
T#wiki-866.p.39.s.2|35|1|11850|alpino_lc|7339
T#wiki-866.p.40.s.1|10|1|220|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-866.p.40.s.2|10|1|210|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-866.p.40.s.3|36|1|8300|alpino_lc|10791
T#wiki-866.p.40.s.4|17|1|2190|alpino_lc|2718
T#wiki-866.p.41.s.1|28|1|2270|alpino_lc|1294
T#wiki-866.p.42.s.1|38|1|31000|alpino_lc|25607
T#wiki-866.p.42.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-866.p.43.s.1|16|1|250|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-866.p.43.s.2|26|1|5590|alpino_lc|7082
T#wiki-866.p.44.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.1|10|1|170|alpino_lc|101
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.2|15|1|570|alpino_lc|346
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.3|19|1|1140|alpino_lc|406
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.4|10|1|120|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.5|14|1|430|alpino_lc|182
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.6|17|1|370|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.7|34|1|18920|alpino_lc|3781
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.8|7|1|70|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.9|16|1|1790|alpino_lc|2406
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.10|16|1|470|alpino_lc|231
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.11|15|1|510|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.12|29|1|23430|alpino_lc|1998
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.13|12|1|230|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.14|14|1|2450|alpino_lc|2639
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.15|15|1|420|alpino_lc|141
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.16|12|1|140|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.17|13|1|740|alpino_lc|507
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.18|10|1|160|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.19|11|1|130|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.20|19|1|1260|alpino_lc|441
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.21|9|1|80|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.22|13|1|250|alpino_lc|90
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.23|15|1|1250|alpino_lc|483
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.24|10|1|200|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.25|10|1|140|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.26|8|1|110|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.27|27|1|21750|alpino_lc|8281
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.28|14|1|320|alpino_lc|132
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.29|36|1|4330|alpino_lc|4303
T#wiki-866.p.45.s.30|23|1|1980|alpino_lc|1310
T#wiki-866.p.46.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.47.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-866.p.47.s.2|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-866.p.47.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-866.p.47.s.4|6|1|120|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-866.p.48.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-866.p.49.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.50.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-866.p.51.s.1|10|1|100|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-866.p.51.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|29
T#wiki-866.p.52.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.2|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.3|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.4|10|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.5|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.6|10|1|110|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.7|9|1|80|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.8|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.9|9|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.10|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.11|9|1|90|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.12|10|1|100|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.13|9|1|140|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.14|9|1|100|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-866.p.53.s.15|10|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-866.p.54.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-866.p.55.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-866.p.56.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-866.p.56.s.2|5|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8783.p.1.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8783.p.2.s.1|46|1|45130|alpino_lc|20229
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.1|12|1|440|alpino_lc|246
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.2|7|1|140|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.4|9|1|140|alpino_lc|74
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.5|9|1|100|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.6|8|1|80|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.7|22|1|320|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.8|8|1|120|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.9|16|1|1560|alpino_lc|383
T#wiki-8783.p.3.s.10|8|1|100|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-8783.p.4.s.1|16|1|340|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-8783.p.4.s.2|27|1|10690|alpino_lc|9017
T#wiki-8783.p.5.s.1|15|1|520|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-8783.p.6.s.1|15|1|1290|alpino_lc|948
T#wiki-8783.p.7.s.1|36|1|5260|alpino_lc|2113
T#wiki-887.p.1.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.2.s.1|14|1|240|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-887.p.2.s.2|9|1|190|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-887.p.2.s.3|11|1|640|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-887.p.2.s.4|21|1|4230|alpino_lc|1860
T#wiki-887.p.3.s.1|38|1|18010|alpino_lc|4646
T#wiki-887.p.3.s.2|21|1|8590|alpino_lc|12380
T#wiki-887.p.3.s.3|18|1|760|alpino_lc|740
T#wiki-887.p.4.s.1|23|1|19010|alpino_lc|4823
T#wiki-887.p.5.s.1|27|1|780|alpino_lc|538
T#wiki-887.p.6.s.1|28|1|1160|alpino_lc|1222
T#wiki-887.p.6.s.2|21|1|3250|alpino_lc|2260
T#wiki-887.p.6.s.3|16|1|1930|alpino_lc|1757
T#wiki-887.p.6.s.4|41|1|1840|alpino_lc|488
T#wiki-887.p.7.s.1|20|1|470|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-887.p.7.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-887.p.8.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|3
T#wiki-887.p.9.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.10.s.1|15|1|1060|alpino_lc|619
T#wiki-887.p.11.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.12.s.1|11|1|180|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-887.p.12.s.2|11|1|150|alpino_lc|52
T#wiki-887.p.12.s.3|12|1|190|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-887.p.12.s.4|10|1|280|alpino_lc|120
T#wiki-887.p.13.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.1|16|1|620|alpino_lc|463
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.2|13|1|220|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.3|28|1|15120|alpino_lc|7907
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.4|10|1|140|alpino_lc|111
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.5|22|1|6260|alpino_lc|4314
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.6|20|1|3420|alpino_lc|2914
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.7|15|1|2200|alpino_lc|1062
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.8|14|1|1200|alpino_lc|979
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.9|18|1|4450|alpino_lc|3173
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.10|7|1|50|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.11|19|1|6220|alpino_lc|6108
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.12|19|1|3390|alpino_lc|2135
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.13|10|1|290|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-887.p.14.s.14|17|1|300|alpino_lc|93
T#wiki-887.p.15.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.2|34|1|18850|alpino_lc|16613
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.3|12|1|1090|alpino_lc|747
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.4|22|1|3300|alpino_lc|3248
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.5|19|1|3000|alpino_lc|1874
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.6|13|1|320|alpino_lc|218
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.7|31|1|12640|alpino_lc|7356
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.8|11|1|250|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.9|13|1|550|alpino_lc|322
T#wiki-887.p.16.s.10|8|1|90|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-887.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.1|9|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.2|17|1|840|alpino_lc|522
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.3|18|1|2220|alpino_lc|2115
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.4|17|1|750|alpino_lc|323
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.5|36|1|12860|alpino_lc|6713
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.6|15|1|390|alpino_lc|339
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.7|19|1|760|alpino_lc|457
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.8|23|1|3260|alpino_lc|1223
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.9|8|1|150|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.10|31|1|13150|alpino_lc|8439
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.11|15|1|550|alpino_lc|523
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.12|9|1|260|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.13|16|1|880|alpino_lc|288
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.14|18|1|970|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.15|16|1|380|alpino_lc|276
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.16|9|1|90|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.17|21|1|590|alpino_lc|394
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.18|18|1|4280|alpino_lc|2246
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.19|14|1|540|alpino_lc|324
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.20|14|1|920|alpino_lc|405
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.21|7|1|230|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.22|12|1|420|alpino_lc|176
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.23|22|1|10090|alpino_lc|6638
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.24|12|1|620|alpino_lc|345
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.25|20|1|490|alpino_lc|409
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.26|22|1|750|alpino_lc|351
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.27|44|1|20200|alpino_lc|12407
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.28|34|1|6450|alpino_lc|2713
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.29|21|1|610|alpino_lc|242
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.30|18|1|370|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.31|15|1|700|alpino_lc|559
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.32|18|1|1060|alpino_lc|1324
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.33|13|1|770|alpino_lc|564
T#wiki-887.p.18.s.34|13|1|640|alpino_lc|664
T#wiki-887.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.1|18|1|650|alpino_lc|551
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.2|21|1|1370|alpino_lc|1177
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.3|12|1|270|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.4|18|1|4520|alpino_lc|3481
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.5|13|1|180|alpino_lc|115
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.6|16|1|1740|alpino_lc|1006
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.7|27|1|2310|alpino_lc|1529
T#wiki-887.p.20.s.8|18|1|4170|alpino_lc|2283
T#wiki-887.p.21.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-887.p.22.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-887.p.23.s.1|14|1|170|alpino_lc|81
T#wiki-887.p.24.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.1|15|1|140|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.2|14|1|120|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.3|15|1|200|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.4|15|1|170|alpino_lc|53
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.5|18|1|300|alpino_lc|104
T#wiki-887.p.25.s.6|21|1|240|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-887.p.26.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-887.p.27.s.1|8|1|50|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-887.p.28.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.29.s.1|17|1|200|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-887.p.29.s.2|17|1|280|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-887.p.29.s.3|15|1|190|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-887.p.29.s.4|14|1|200|alpino_lc|47
T#wiki-887.p.30.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.31.s.1|15|1|150|alpino_lc|50
T#wiki-887.p.31.s.2|17|1|210|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-887.p.31.s.3|18|1|210|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-887.p.31.s.4|18|1|220|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-887.p.31.s.5|17|1|190|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-887.p.32.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.2|7|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.6|12|1|120|alpino_lc|36
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.7|7|1|100|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-887.p.33.s.8|9|1|100|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-887.p.34.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-887.p.35.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-887.p.36.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-887.p.37.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-887.p.38.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-887.p.39.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-887.p.40.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-887.p.40.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.1.s.1|4|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.1|27|1|25180|alpino_lc|14758
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.2|9|1|90|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.3|14|1|1140|alpino_lc|835
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.4|14|1|1190|alpino_lc|766
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.5|12|1|350|alpino_lc|167
T#wiki-888.p.2.s.6|15|1|190|alpino_lc|69
T#wiki-888.p.3.s.1|9|1|180|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-888.p.3.s.2|13|1|730|alpino_lc|328
T#wiki-888.p.3.s.3|14|1|780|alpino_lc|287
T#wiki-888.p.3.s.4|19|1|1330|alpino_lc|869
T#wiki-888.p.4.s.1|17|1|2310|alpino_lc|1769
T#wiki-888.p.4.s.2|8|1|260|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-888.p.4.s.3|21|1|1840|alpino_lc|356
T#wiki-888.p.4.s.4|24|1|1540|alpino_lc|469
T#wiki-888.p.5.s.1|16|1|4580|alpino_lc|2079
T#wiki-888.p.5.s.2|28|1|4420|alpino_lc|1485
T#wiki-888.p.5.s.3|12|1|1700|alpino_lc|814
T#wiki-888.p.6.s.1|46|1|8070|alpino_lc|2795
T#wiki-888.p.7.s.1|16|1|280|alpino_lc|168
T#wiki-888.p.7.s.2|8|1|130|alpino_lc|82
T#wiki-888.p.8.s.1|3|1|130|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-888.p.9.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-888.p.9.s.2|6|1|50|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-888.p.9.s.3|5|1|70|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-888.p.10.s.1|24|1|970|alpino_lc|223
T#wiki-888.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.12.s.1|6|1|200|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.4|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.5|3|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.13.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.14.s.1|10|1|350|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.3|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.4|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.5|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.6|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.7|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.8|4|1|70|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.9|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.10|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.11|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.12|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.13|3|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.14|3|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.15|3|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.16|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.17|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.18|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.19|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.20|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.21|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.22|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.15.s.23|2|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-888.p.16.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.2|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.3|5|1|40|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.4|3|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.5|4|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.6|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.7|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.8|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.9|35|1|13440|alpino_lc|3468
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.10|6|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.11|3|1|60|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.12|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.13|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.14|3|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.15|3|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-888.p.17.s.16|3|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-888.p.18.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-888.p.19.s.1|27|1|10090|alpino_lc|6501
T#wiki-888.p.20.s.1|24|1|3650|alpino_lc|1748
T#wiki-888.p.21.s.1|15|1|540|alpino_lc|166
T#wiki-888.p.21.s.2|20|1|400|alpino_lc|175
T#wiki-888.p.22.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-888.p.23.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-888.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-888.p.25.s.1|6|1|80|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-888.p.25.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|69
T#wiki-888.p.25.s.3|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-888.p.25.s.4|6|1|100|alpino_lc|23
T#wiki-888.p.25.s.5|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-8894.p.1.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-8894.p.2.s.1|20|1|780|alpino_lc|508
T#wiki-8894.p.2.s.2|22|1|500|alpino_lc|244
T#wiki-8894.p.3.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8894.p.4.s.1|12|1|350|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.1|16|1|1760|alpino_lc|1020
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|69
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.3|16|1|750|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.4|10|1|150|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.5|22|1|16430|alpino_lc|1900
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.6|14|1|160|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.7|19|1|630|alpino_lc|270
T#wiki-8894.p.5.s.8|14|1|340|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-8894.p.6.s.1|30|1|1810|alpino_lc|564
T#wiki-8894.p.6.s.2|9|1|250|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-8894.p.7.s.1|28|1|2150|alpino_lc|356
T#wiki-8894.p.7.s.2|15|1|280|alpino_lc|152
T#wiki-8894.p.8.s.1|43|1|3800|alpino_lc|523
T#wiki-8894.p.9.s.1|23|1|3820|alpino_lc|2144
T#wiki-8894.p.9.s.2|10|1|230|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-8894.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8894.p.11.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8894.p.12.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8894.p.13.s.1|22|1|350|alpino_lc|226
T#wiki-8894.p.14.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-8894.p.15.s.1|18|1|1760|alpino_lc|1753
T#wiki-8894.p.15.s.2|29|1|11440|alpino_lc|5173
T#wiki-8894.p.15.s.3|22|1|870|alpino_lc|450
T#wiki-8894.p.15.s.4|24|1|6290|alpino_lc|2723
T#wiki-8894.p.15.s.5|4|1|100|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-889.p.1.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-889.p.2.s.1|31|1|2370|alpino_lc|486
T#wiki-889.p.2.s.2|24|1|1450|alpino_lc|639
T#wiki-889.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-889.p.4.s.1|19|1|5110|alpino_lc|3024
T#wiki-889.p.4.s.2|11|1|510|alpino_lc|300
T#wiki-889.p.4.s.3|17|1|1710|alpino_lc|1931
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.1|30|1|29680|alpino_lc|17798
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.2|13|1|320|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.3|10|1|280|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.4|19|1|260|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.5|18|1|290|alpino_lc|116
T#wiki-889.p.5.s.6|17|1|610|alpino_lc|338
T#wiki-889.p.6.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-889.p.7.s.1|17|1|670|alpino_lc|460
T#wiki-889.p.7.s.2|32|1|1910|alpino_lc|1031
T#wiki-889.p.8.s.1|14|1|360|alpino_lc|103
T#wiki-889.p.8.s.2|13|1|570|alpino_lc|426
T#wiki-889.p.8.s.3|13|1|830|alpino_lc|547
T#wiki-889.p.8.s.4|11|1|130|alpino_lc|63
T#wiki-889.p.8.s.5|11|1|150|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-889.p.9.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|109
T#wiki-889.p.9.s.2|18|1|560|alpino_lc|317
T#wiki-889.p.9.s.3|11|1|320|alpino_lc|184
T#wiki-889.p.9.s.4|22|1|2420|alpino_lc|458
T#wiki-889.p.9.s.5|18|1|1250|alpino_lc|304
T#wiki-889.p.10.s.1|11|1|370|alpino_lc|167
T#wiki-889.p.10.s.2|6|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-889.p.10.s.3|12|1|1860|alpino_lc|1857
T#wiki-889.p.10.s.4|19|1|680|alpino_lc|356
T#wiki-889.p.11.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-889.p.12.s.1|21|1|900|alpino_lc|629
T#wiki-889.p.13.s.1|15|1|460|alpino_lc|123
T#wiki-889.p.13.s.2|20|1|1000|alpino_lc|450
T#wiki-889.p.13.s.3|9|1|260|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-889.p.14.s.1|13|1|340|alpino_lc|161
T#wiki-889.p.14.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-889.p.15.s.1|21|1|670|alpino_lc|628
T#wiki-889.p.15.s.2|8|1|230|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-889.p.15.s.3|16|1|1820|alpino_lc|958
T#wiki-889.p.15.s.4|13|1|260|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-889.p.16.s.1|9|1|90|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-889.p.16.s.2|1|1|0|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-889.p.17.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-889.p.18.s.1|13|1|200|alpino_lc|64
T#wiki-889.p.18.s.2|1|1|10|alpino_lc|0
T#wiki-889.p.19.s.1|15|1|1550|alpino_lc|227
T#wiki-889.p.19.s.2|19|1|1750|alpino_lc|1413
T#wiki-889.p.20.s.1|15|1|390|alpino_lc|85
T#wiki-889.p.20.s.2|13|1|800|alpino_lc|229
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.1|18|1|470|alpino_lc|396
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.2|14|1|790|alpino_lc|364
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.3|10|1|330|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.4|28|1|2560|alpino_lc|1705
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.5|13|1|400|alpino_lc|173
T#wiki-889.p.21.s.6|13|1|800|alpino_lc|879
T#wiki-889.p.22.s.1|12|1|1530|alpino_lc|422
T#wiki-889.p.22.s.2|27|1|2080|alpino_lc|901
T#wiki-889.p.22.s.3|31|1|12860|alpino_lc|2685
T#wiki-889.p.22.s.4|11|1|230|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-889.p.23.s.1|35|1|2780|alpino_lc|1095
T#wiki-889.p.23.s.2|31|1|2100|alpino_lc|866
T#wiki-889.p.24.s.1|32|1|4960|alpino_lc|1101
T#wiki-889.p.24.s.2|21|1|500|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-889.p.24.s.3|13|1|670|alpino_lc|213
T#wiki-889.p.25.s.1|24|1|1890|alpino_lc|1311
T#wiki-889.p.25.s.2|20|1|930|alpino_lc|492
T#wiki-889.p.25.s.3|12|1|220|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-889.p.25.s.4|13|1|510|alpino_lc|286
T#wiki-889.p.25.s.5|22|1|1570|alpino_lc|1259
T#wiki-889.p.26.s.1|1|1|0|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-889.p.27.s.1|35|1|2380|alpino_lc|2997
T#wiki-889.p.28.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-889.p.29.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-89.p.1.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.2.s.1|27|1|1840|alpino_lc|952
T#wiki-89.p.2.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-89.p.2.s.3|8|1|150|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-89.p.2.s.4|7|1|230|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-89.p.3.s.1|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|661
T#wiki-89.p.3.s.2|11|1|140|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-89.p.3.s.3|9|1|100|alpino_lc|54
T#wiki-89.p.3.s.4|16|1|4050|alpino_lc|2519
T#wiki-89.p.3.s.5|26|1|1470|alpino_lc|576
T#wiki-89.p.4.s.1|17|1|500|alpino_lc|55
T#wiki-89.p.4.s.2|38|1|23460|alpino_lc|7689
T#wiki-89.p.4.s.3|10|1|290|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-89.p.4.s.4|22|1|710|alpino_lc|356
T#wiki-89.p.5.s.1|20|1|2710|alpino_lc|2756
T#wiki-89.p.5.s.2|13|1|350|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-89.p.6.s.1|12|1|1360|alpino_lc|647
T#wiki-89.p.6.s.2|11|1|1020|alpino_lc|764
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.1|4|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.3|8|1|190|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.4|4|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.5|8|1|90|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.6|11|1|200|alpino_lc|101
T#wiki-89.p.7.s.7|7|1|80|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-89.p.8.s.1|5|1|380|alpino_lc|106
T#wiki-89.p.9.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-89.p.9.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.9.s.3|7|1|150|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-89.p.10.s.1|6|1|50|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-89.p.11.s.1|22|1|1160|alpino_lc|783
T#wiki-89.p.12.s.1|33|1|1750|alpino_lc|769
T#wiki-89.p.13.s.1|8|1|140|alpino_lc|26
T#wiki-89.p.13.s.2|6|1|120|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-89.p.14.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-89.p.15.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.15.s.2|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.15.s.3|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.15.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-89.p.16.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-89.p.17.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-90.p.1.s.1|7|1|100|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-90.p.2.s.1|32|1|13500|alpino_lc|1097
T#wiki-90.p.2.s.2|10|1|100|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-90.p.3.s.1|27|1|1360|alpino_lc|1223
T#wiki-90.p.3.s.2|5|1|170|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-90.p.3.s.3|20|1|580|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-90.p.4.s.1|20|1|11170|alpino_lc|3873
T#wiki-90.p.4.s.2|14|1|920|alpino_lc|506
T#wiki-90.p.4.s.3|19|1|380|alpino_lc|223
T#wiki-90.p.4.s.4|9|1|460|alpino_lc|252
T#wiki-90.p.5.s.1|15|1|960|alpino_lc|873
T#wiki-90.p.5.s.2|13|1|450|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-90.p.5.s.3|17|1|310|alpino_lc|134
T#wiki-90.p.5.s.4|23|1|5270|alpino_lc|1858
T#wiki-90.p.6.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|95
T#wiki-90.p.6.s.2|24|1|22150|alpino_lc|23464
T#wiki-90.p.7.s.1|29|1|2220|alpino_lc|561
T#wiki-90.p.8.s.1|19|1|750|alpino_lc|217
T#wiki-90.p.9.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-90.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-935.p.1.s.1|1|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-935.p.2.s.1|12|1|280|alpino_lc|86
T#wiki-935.p.2.s.2|14|1|120|alpino_lc|44
T#wiki-935.p.2.s.3|19|1|2380|alpino_lc|1313
T#wiki-935.p.3.s.1|19|1|4710|alpino_lc|2204
T#wiki-935.p.4.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.2|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.3|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.4|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.6|7|1|110|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.7|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.9|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.10|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.11|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.12|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.13|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.14|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.15|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.16|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.17|14|1|120|alpino_lc|33
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.18|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.19|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.20|7|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.5.s.21|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.2|8|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.3|7|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.4|7|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.5|8|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.6|8|1|90|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.7|8|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.9|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.10|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.11|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.12|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.13|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.14|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.15|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.16|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.17|7|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.18|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.19|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.20|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.6.s.21|6|1|80|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.1|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.2|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.3|8|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.5|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.6|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.7|6|1|110|alpino_lc|34
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.9|7|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.10|7|1|40|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.11|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.12|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.13|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.14|7|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.15|8|1|70|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.16|7|1|80|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.17|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.18|8|1|100|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.19|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.7.s.20|7|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-935.p.8.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-935.p.9.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-935.p.10.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9515.p.1.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9515.p.2.s.1|13|1|790|alpino_lc|497
T#wiki-9515.p.2.s.2|8|1|140|alpino_lc|100
T#wiki-9515.p.2.s.3|7|1|120|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-9515.p.2.s.4|10|1|210|alpino_lc|123
T#wiki-9515.p.2.s.5|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|453
T#wiki-9515.p.3.s.1|9|1|250|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-9515.p.3.s.2|23|1|5680|alpino_lc|4615
T#wiki-9515.p.4.s.1|30|1|8070|alpino_lc|2713
T#wiki-9515.p.4.s.2|22|1|12780|alpino_lc|2939
T#wiki-9515.p.4.s.3|11|1|610|alpino_lc|500
T#wiki-9515.p.5.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-9515.p.6.s.1|22|1|4040|alpino_lc|1294
T#wiki-9515.p.7.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9515.p.8.s.1|22|1|5890|alpino_lc|5000
T#wiki-9515.p.9.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9515.p.10.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9720.p.1.s.1|8|1|90|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9720.p.2.s.1|37|1|18500|alpino_lc|9225
T#wiki-9720.p.2.s.2|9|1|160|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-9720.p.3.s.1|16|1|940|alpino_lc|480
T#wiki-9720.p.3.s.2|15|1|180|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-9720.p.3.s.3|8|1|90|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-9720.p.3.s.4|25|1|4690|alpino_lc|4210
T#wiki-9720.p.3.s.5|22|1|4170|alpino_lc|1282
T#wiki-9720.p.4.s.1|27|1|3900|alpino_lc|1005
T#wiki-9720.p.5.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9720.p.6.s.1|23|1|1940|alpino_lc|808
T#wiki-9720.p.7.s.1|20|1|1150|alpino_lc|442
T#wiki-9720.p.7.s.2|26|1|4940|alpino_lc|1869
T#wiki-9720.p.7.s.3|33|1|670|alpino_lc|421
T#wiki-9720.p.8.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9720.p.9.s.1|48|1|32860|alpino_lc|9662
T#wiki-9720.p.9.s.2|10|1|110|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-9720.p.9.s.3|31|1|5150|alpino_lc|336
T#wiki-9720.p.10.s.1|34|1|11400|alpino_lc|4446
T#wiki-9720.p.10.s.2|18|1|1940|alpino_lc|1383
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.1|14|1|6830|alpino_lc|4569
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.2|20|1|340|alpino_lc|232
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.3|13|1|460|alpino_lc|446
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.4|17|1|1320|alpino_lc|499
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.5|15|1|650|alpino_lc|295
T#wiki-9720.p.11.s.6|20|1|1310|alpino_lc|404
T#wiki-9720.p.12.s.1|21|1|3660|alpino_lc|1444
T#wiki-9720.p.12.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-9720.p.13.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9720.p.14.s.1|15|1|240|alpino_lc|79
T#wiki-9720.p.14.s.2|14|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-9720.p.14.s.3|33|1|16940|alpino_lc|3860
T#wiki-9720.p.14.s.4|24|1|1090|alpino_lc|164
T#wiki-9720.p.15.s.1|6|1|110|alpino_lc|32
T#wiki-9720.p.16.s.1|13|1|530|alpino_lc|170
T#wiki-9720.p.17.s.1|13|1|2020|alpino_lc|899
T#wiki-9720.p.18.s.1|11|1|810|alpino_lc|465
T#wiki-9720.p.19.s.1|14|1|830|alpino_lc|405
T#wiki-9720.p.20.s.1|22|1|11860|alpino_lc|516
T#wiki-9720.p.21.s.1|10|1|240|alpino_lc|105
T#wiki-9720.p.22.s.1|18|1|940|alpino_lc|152
T#wiki-9720.p.23.s.1|6|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-9720.p.24.s.1|7|1|80|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-9720.p.25.s.1|16|1|270|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-9720.p.26.s.1|21|1|4610|alpino_lc|1899
T#wiki-9720.p.27.s.1|8|1|240|alpino_lc|114
T#wiki-9720.p.28.s.1|14|1|400|alpino_lc|60
T#wiki-9720.p.29.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.1|30|1|2320|alpino_lc|583
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.2|33|1|15810|alpino_lc|23108
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.3|12|1|290|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.4|41|1|108120|alpino_lc|6930
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.5|13|1|450|alpino_lc|174
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.6|17|1|670|alpino_lc|507
T#wiki-9720.p.30.s.7|9|1|160|alpino_lc|133
T#wiki-9720.p.31.s.1|30|1|3100|alpino_lc|2299
T#wiki-9720.p.31.s.2|34|1|5720|alpino_lc|3322
T#wiki-9720.p.31.s.3|25|1|6480|alpino_lc|1119
T#wiki-9720.p.31.s.4|24|1|4240|alpino_lc|837
T#wiki-9720.p.31.s.5|20|1|540|alpino_lc|139
T#wiki-9720.p.32.s.1|17|1|610|alpino_lc|119
T#wiki-9720.p.32.s.2|8|1|220|alpino_lc|117
T#wiki-9720.p.32.s.3|13|1|440|alpino_lc|73
T#wiki-9720.p.32.s.4|23|1|1030|alpino_lc|374
T#wiki-9720.p.32.s.5|26|1|2590|alpino_lc|521
T#wiki-9720.p.33.s.1|3|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9720.p.34.s.1|5|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.1|34|1|60710|alpino_lc|25250
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.2|22|1|3880|alpino_lc|2546
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.3|40|1|34390|alpino_lc|10452
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.4|41|1|7850|alpino_lc|8495
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.5|13|1|530|alpino_lc|177
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.6|32|1|2760|alpino_lc|1389
T#wiki-9720.p.35.s.7|35|1|6160|alpino_lc|6227
T#wiki-9720.p.36.s.1|45|1|2160|alpino_lc|1561
T#wiki-9720.p.36.s.2|20|1|520|alpino_lc|180
T#wiki-9720.p.36.s.3|10|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-9720.p.37.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.1|8|1|290|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.2|12|1|280|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.3|10|1|1240|alpino_lc|474
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.4|14|1|260|alpino_lc|78
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.5|22|1|2140|alpino_lc|1252
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.6|15|1|520|alpino_lc|223
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.7|9|1|420|alpino_lc|112
T#wiki-9720.p.38.s.8|16|1|1520|alpino_lc|562
T#wiki-9720.p.39.s.1|3|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.1|13|1|300|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.2|19|1|17090|alpino_lc|12306
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.3|30|1|8710|alpino_lc|1487
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.4|17|1|780|alpino_lc|158
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.5|30|1|2820|alpino_lc|1444
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.6|25|1|340|alpino_lc|87
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.7|18|1|630|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.8|23|1|6590|alpino_lc|3419
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.9|12|1|390|alpino_lc|171
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.10|36|1|2710|alpino_lc|1058
T#wiki-9720.p.40.s.11|9|1|420|alpino_lc|261
T#wiki-9720.p.41.s.1|3|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.1|15|1|380|alpino_lc|75
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.2|27|1|4810|alpino_lc|1713
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.3|20|1|1990|alpino_lc|1350
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.4|13|1|500|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.5|36|1|5270|alpino_lc|2033
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.6|7|1|100|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.7|14|1|320|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.8|29|1|27280|alpino_lc|5770
T#wiki-9720.p.42.s.9|21|1|2200|alpino_lc|1093
T#wiki-9720.p.43.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.1|10|1|1360|alpino_lc|753
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.2|24|1|10100|alpino_lc|5887
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.3|38|1|11580|alpino_lc|3862
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.4|25|1|1590|alpino_lc|695
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.5|23|1|17230|alpino_lc|4132
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.6|38|1|19440|alpino_lc|13213
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.7|13|1|260|alpino_lc|142
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.8|24|1|460|alpino_lc|200
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.9|36|1|5210|alpino_lc|2550
T#wiki-9720.p.44.s.10|8|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-9720.p.45.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.1|36|1|14620|alpino_lc|9230
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.2|28|1|17130|alpino_lc|8896
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.3|28|1|1840|alpino_lc|414
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.4|43|1|11130|alpino_lc|5277
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.5|34|1|920|alpino_lc|385
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.6|26|1|910|alpino_lc|384
T#wiki-9720.p.46.s.7|8|1|120|alpino_lc|88
T#wiki-9720.p.47.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.1|25|1|1110|alpino_lc|389
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.2|17|1|1820|alpino_lc|1456
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.3|35|1|21470|alpino_lc|6592
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.4|30|1|2280|alpino_lc|501
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.5|14|1|690|alpino_lc|153
T#wiki-9720.p.48.s.6|22|1|2370|alpino_lc|1100
T#wiki-9720.p.49.s.1|4|1|60|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-9720.p.50.s.1|22|1|540|alpino_lc|441
T#wiki-9720.p.50.s.2|21|1|370|alpino_lc|151
T#wiki-9720.p.50.s.3|18|1|3330|alpino_lc|2851
T#wiki-9720.p.50.s.4|17|1|900|alpino_lc|595
T#wiki-9720.p.50.s.5|11|1|1430|alpino_lc|1301
T#wiki-9720.p.51.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9720.p.52.s.1|22|1|240|alpino_lc|113
T#wiki-9720.p.52.s.2|19|1|910|alpino_lc|381
T#wiki-9720.p.53.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9720.p.54.s.1|7|1|60|alpino_lc|15
T#wiki-9809.p.1.s.1|4|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9809.p.2.s.1|11|1|700|alpino_lc|403
T#wiki-9809.p.2.s.2|7|1|180|alpino_lc|65
T#wiki-9809.p.2.s.3|17|1|1160|alpino_lc|1041
T#wiki-9809.p.2.s.4|15|1|1780|alpino_lc|779
T#wiki-9809.p.3.s.1|16|1|1110|alpino_lc|649
T#wiki-9809.p.3.s.2|8|1|100|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-9809.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9809.p.5.s.1|21|1|15650|alpino_lc|1219
T#wiki-9809.p.6.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.1|5|1|90|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.2|8|1|250|alpino_lc|92
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.3|7|1|110|alpino_lc|25
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.4|4|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.5|8|1|210|alpino_lc|57
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.6|19|1|1150|alpino_lc|256
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.7|5|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.8|2|1|30|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.9|6|1|60|alpino_lc|27
T#wiki-9809.p.7.s.10|21|1|2650|alpino_lc|780
T#wiki-9809.p.8.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9809.p.9.s.1|17|1|2540|alpino_lc|2237
T#wiki-9809.p.9.s.2|19|1|1200|alpino_lc|508
T#wiki-9809.p.9.s.3|13|1|420|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-9809.p.10.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9843.p.1.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.2.s.1|27|1|4250|alpino_lc|1725
T#wiki-9843.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.1|18|1|240|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.2|11|1|460|alpino_lc|127
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.3|17|1|510|alpino_lc|155
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.4|15|1|460|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.5|29|1|14700|alpino_lc|4707
T#wiki-9843.p.5.s.6|13|1|300|alpino_lc|193
T#wiki-9843.p.6.s.1|34|1|4110|alpino_lc|1958
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.1|22|1|1030|alpino_lc|832
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.2|39|1|8760|alpino_lc|5643
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.3|17|1|680|alpino_lc|331
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.4|28|1|5700|alpino_lc|3489
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.5|18|1|640|alpino_lc|497
T#wiki-9843.p.7.s.6|13|1|200|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-9843.p.8.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.1|30|1|9190|alpino_lc|4217
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.2|26|1|4200|alpino_lc|1464
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.3|16|1|460|alpino_lc|198
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.4|35|1|5410|alpino_lc|2442
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.5|19|1|930|alpino_lc|228
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.6|14|1|160|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.7|37|1|18450|alpino_lc|6774
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.8|25|1|15990|alpino_lc|4029
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.9|20|1|1090|alpino_lc|617
T#wiki-9843.p.9.s.10|31|1|3680|alpino_lc|2541
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.1|21|1|350|alpino_lc|136
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.2|18|1|650|alpino_lc|332
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.3|20|1|1780|alpino_lc|1026
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.4|32|1|6980|alpino_lc|3180
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.5|25|1|1670|alpino_lc|549
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.6|39|1|1160|alpino_lc|789
T#wiki-9843.p.10.s.7|10|1|250|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-9843.p.11.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.1|31|1|6220|alpino_lc|5883
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.2|21|1|1220|alpino_lc|653
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.3|18|1|650|alpino_lc|268
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.4|31|1|1580|alpino_lc|834
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.5|19|1|480|alpino_lc|177
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.6|31|1|1900|alpino_lc|817
T#wiki-9843.p.12.s.7|14|1|520|alpino_lc|580
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.1|14|1|3840|alpino_lc|611
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.2|7|1|70|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.3|15|1|450|alpino_lc|298
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.4|15|1|240|alpino_lc|165
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.5|11|1|560|alpino_lc|324
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.6|13|1|200|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.7|23|1|15720|alpino_lc|4710
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.8|13|1|1370|alpino_lc|990
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.9|18|1|1850|alpino_lc|1397
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.10|7|1|70|alpino_lc|21
T#wiki-9843.p.13.s.11|6|1|160|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-9843.p.14.s.1|23|1|960|alpino_lc|861
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.1|19|1|1320|alpino_lc|1289
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.2|24|1|10830|alpino_lc|2227
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.3|23|1|1030|alpino_lc|410
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.4|16|1|290|alpino_lc|162
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.5|31|1|1320|alpino_lc|278
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.6|36|1|12190|alpino_lc|2765
T#wiki-9843.p.15.s.7|16|1|280|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.1|17|1|1020|alpino_lc|526
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.2|22|1|420|alpino_lc|270
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.3|20|1|1290|alpino_lc|803
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.4|20|1|10190|alpino_lc|3723
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.5|21|1|820|alpino_lc|328
T#wiki-9843.p.16.s.6|19|1|15730|alpino_lc|10832
T#wiki-9843.p.17.s.1|15|1|1320|alpino_lc|568
T#wiki-9843.p.17.s.2|7|1|90|alpino_lc|51
T#wiki-9843.p.17.s.3|26|1|5840|alpino_lc|4123
T#wiki-9843.p.17.s.4|16|1|1060|alpino_lc|1095
T#wiki-9843.p.18.s.1|29|1|2680|alpino_lc|619
T#wiki-9843.p.18.s.2|30|1|2580|alpino_lc|703
T#wiki-9843.p.18.s.3|12|1|690|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-9843.p.18.s.4|25|1|30620|alpino_lc|11155
T#wiki-9843.p.19.s.1|10|1|340|alpino_lc|188
T#wiki-9843.p.19.s.2|38|1|9280|alpino_lc|4876
T#wiki-9843.p.20.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.1|30|1|2900|alpino_lc|1596
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.2|12|1|700|alpino_lc|566
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.3|35|1|4310|alpino_lc|1508
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.4|34|1|1830|alpino_lc|950
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.5|37|1|6000|alpino_lc|2495
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.6|12|1|300|alpino_lc|147
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.7|14|1|260|alpino_lc|159
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.8|67|1|35150|alpino_lc|1925
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.9|15|1|980|alpino_lc|781
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.10|19|1|1040|alpino_lc|360
T#wiki-9843.p.21.s.11|12|1|160|alpino_lc|83
T#wiki-9843.p.22.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.1|35|1|18490|alpino_lc|1726
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.2|18|1|470|alpino_lc|101
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.3|37|1|37520|alpino_lc|4380
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.4|33|1|9780|alpino_lc|406
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.5|20|1|3880|alpino_lc|1921
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.6|19|1|500|alpino_lc|197
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.7|31|1|2700|alpino_lc|1386
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.8|7|1|50|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9843.p.23.s.9|14|1|450|alpino_lc|169
T#wiki-9843.p.24.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9843.p.25.s.1|10|1|150|alpino_lc|76
T#wiki-9843.p.25.s.2|39|1|4180|alpino_lc|2936
T#wiki-9843.p.25.s.3|19|1|8810|alpino_lc|5212
T#wiki-9843.p.26.s.1|16|1|2280|alpino_lc|1414
T#wiki-9843.p.26.s.2|18|1|410|alpino_lc|219
T#wiki-9843.p.26.s.3|21|1|880|alpino_lc|631
T#wiki-9843.p.27.s.1|61|1|3900|alpino_lc|1660
T#wiki-9843.p.27.s.2|19|1|720|alpino_lc|122
T#wiki-9843.p.27.s.3|20|1|1200|alpino_lc|577
T#wiki-9843.p.28.s.1|33|1|14440|alpino_lc|3948
T#wiki-9843.p.28.s.2|29|1|10840|alpino_lc|3898
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.2|16|1|610|alpino_lc|135
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.3|24|1|1330|alpino_lc|539
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.4|13|1|800|alpino_lc|374
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.5|37|1|12080|alpino_lc|5131
T#wiki-9843.p.29.s.6|20|1|2660|alpino_lc|1009
T#wiki-9843.p.30.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9843.p.31.s.1|19|1|1430|alpino_lc|447
T#wiki-9843.p.31.s.2|40|1|60290|alpino_lc|78661
T#wiki-9843.p.32.s.1|11|1|280|alpino_lc|140
T#wiki-9843.p.32.s.2|28|1|770|alpino_lc|214
T#wiki-9843.p.33.s.1|12|1|340|alpino_lc|35
T#wiki-9843.p.33.s.2|11|1|400|alpino_lc|243
T#wiki-9843.p.33.s.3|15|1|510|alpino_lc|314
T#wiki-9843.p.33.s.4|23|1|3560|alpino_lc|1090
T#wiki-9843.p.33.s.5|16|1|440|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-9843.p.34.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.1|9|1|110|alpino_lc|43
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.2|21|1|3740|alpino_lc|1985
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.3|21|1|490|alpino_lc|371
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.4|29|1|3150|alpino_lc|1655
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.5|30|1|24470|alpino_lc|21909
T#wiki-9843.p.35.s.6|23|1|2520|alpino_lc|742
T#wiki-9843.p.36.s.1|3|1|20|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9843.p.37.s.1|25|1|1130|alpino_lc|376
T#wiki-9843.p.37.s.2|13|1|670|alpino_lc|499
T#wiki-9843.p.37.s.3|17|1|810|alpino_lc|367
T#wiki-9843.p.37.s.4|8|1|180|alpino_lc|67
T#wiki-9843.p.38.s.1|13|1|450|alpino_lc|208
T#wiki-9843.p.39.s.1|13|1|1240|alpino_lc|421
T#wiki-9843.p.39.s.2|13|1|990|alpino_lc|734
T#wiki-9843.p.39.s.3|11|1|220|alpino_lc|107
T#wiki-9843.p.40.s.1|24|1|5040|alpino_lc|1837
T#wiki-9843.p.41.s.1|22|1|520|alpino_lc|323
T#wiki-9843.p.41.s.2|14|1|150|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-9843.p.42.s.1|22|1|560|alpino_lc|254
T#wiki-9843.p.42.s.2|6|1|80|alpino_lc|49
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.1|18|1|770|alpino_lc|245
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.2|11|1|370|alpino_lc|286
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.3|36|1|23640|alpino_lc|2883
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.4|23|1|11920|alpino_lc|4887
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.5|24|1|8890|alpino_lc|3492
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.6|21|1|2580|alpino_lc|1389
T#wiki-9843.p.43.s.7|13|1|1710|alpino_lc|1450
T#wiki-9843.p.44.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9843.p.45.s.1|10|1|260|alpino_lc|202
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.1|8|1|120|alpino_lc|70
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.2|6|1|100|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.3|6|1|80|alpino_lc|24
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.4|5|1|90|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.5|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.6|7|1|140|alpino_lc|45
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.7|5|1|120|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.8|16|1|650|alpino_lc|173
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.9|6|1|100|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.10|4|1|30|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.11|14|1|160|alpino_lc|61
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.12|4|1|60|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.13|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.14|6|1|60|alpino_lc|28
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.15|4|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.16|4|1|40|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.17|5|1|80|alpino_lc|31
T#wiki-9843.p.46.s.18|4|1|40|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9843.p.47.s.1|2|1|40|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.1.s.1|3|1|40|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9844.p.2.s.1|46|1|44710|alpino_lc|7559
T#wiki-9844.p.2.s.2|45|1|16990|alpino_lc|3905
T#wiki-9844.p.3.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.4.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.5.s.1|43|1|3080|alpino_lc|1072
T#wiki-9844.p.5.s.2|24|1|5940|alpino_lc|1612
T#wiki-9844.p.6.s.1|19|1|1360|alpino_lc|1101
T#wiki-9844.p.6.s.2|32|1|2100|alpino_lc|1323
T#wiki-9844.p.6.s.3|23|1|6850|alpino_lc|1887
T#wiki-9844.p.6.s.4|31|1|780|alpino_lc|316
T#wiki-9844.p.7.s.1|13|1|1060|alpino_lc|549
T#wiki-9844.p.8.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.2|16|1|510|alpino_lc|186
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.3|15|1|160|alpino_lc|41
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.4|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.5|11|1|400|alpino_lc|126
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.6|14|1|810|alpino_lc|616
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.7|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.9.s.8|5|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9844.p.10.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.2|9|1|140|alpino_lc|84
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.3|3|1|40|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.4|7|1|60|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.6|9|1|190|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-9844.p.11.s.7|7|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9844.p.12.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.13.s.1|19|1|630|alpino_lc|295
T#wiki-9844.p.13.s.2|33|1|31000|alpino_lc|12549
T#wiki-9844.p.14.s.1|11|1|570|alpino_lc|485
T#wiki-9844.p.14.s.2|40|1|8890|alpino_lc|9346
T#wiki-9844.p.15.s.1|26|1|920|alpino_lc|233
T#wiki-9844.p.16.s.1|10|1|510|alpino_lc|342
T#wiki-9844.p.16.s.2|38|1|21430|alpino_lc|4281
T#wiki-9844.p.17.s.1|28|1|1160|alpino_lc|369
T#wiki-9844.p.17.s.2|24|1|1410|alpino_lc|1281
T#wiki-9844.p.18.s.1|46|1|33350|alpino_lc|15788
T#wiki-9844.p.19.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.20.s.1|22|1|920|alpino_lc|486
T#wiki-9844.p.20.s.2|15|1|340|alpino_lc|98
T#wiki-9844.p.21.s.1|23|1|7130|alpino_lc|3352
T#wiki-9844.p.21.s.2|11|1|210|alpino_lc|110
T#wiki-9844.p.22.s.1|34|1|13770|alpino_lc|2380
T#wiki-9844.p.23.s.1|30|1|15500|alpino_lc|2926
T#wiki-9844.p.23.s.2|12|1|800|alpino_lc|601
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.1|39|1|17970|alpino_lc|5961
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.2|45|1|37470|alpino_lc|19085
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.3|13|1|1160|alpino_lc|382
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.4|48|1|42030|alpino_lc|14999
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.5|16|1|990|alpino_lc|185
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.6|22|1|530|alpino_lc|299
T#wiki-9844.p.24.s.7|19|1|1230|alpino_lc|626
T#wiki-9844.p.25.s.1|24|1|2010|alpino_lc|927
T#wiki-9844.p.25.s.2|12|1|130|alpino_lc|62
T#wiki-9844.p.25.s.3|12|1|260|alpino_lc|246
T#wiki-9844.p.25.s.4|21|1|290|alpino_lc|72
T#wiki-9844.p.26.s.1|13|1|1050|alpino_lc|709
T#wiki-9844.p.26.s.2|42|1|4510|alpino_lc|2660
T#wiki-9844.p.27.s.1|39|1|2670|alpino_lc|1074
T#wiki-9844.p.27.s.2|20|1|410|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-9844.p.27.s.3|30|1|480|alpino_lc|176
T#wiki-9844.p.27.s.4|27|1|400|alpino_lc|187
T#wiki-9844.p.28.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.29.s.1|20|1|2350|alpino_lc|3021
T#wiki-9844.p.30.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.30.s.2|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9844.p.30.s.3|5|1|60|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-9844.p.30.s.4|7|1|70|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-9844.p.30.s.5|5|1|60|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.31.s.1|11|1|540|alpino_lc|330
T#wiki-9844.p.32.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.1|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.2|6|1|70|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.4|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.5|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.33.s.6|4|1|100|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.34.s.1|5|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.34.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|10
T#wiki-9844.p.35.s.1|14|1|18540|alpino_lc|12412
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.1|4|1|70|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.2|5|1|70|alpino_lc|11
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.3|5|1|80|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.4|4|1|70|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.5|5|1|60|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-9844.p.36.s.6|7|1|110|alpino_lc|40
T#wiki-9844.p.37.s.1|38|1|9700|alpino_lc|6120
T#wiki-9844.p.38.s.1|9|1|290|alpino_lc|80
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.1|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.2|5|1|50|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.3|9|1|80|alpino_lc|17
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.4|12|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.5|12|1|90|alpino_lc|22
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.7|8|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.8|8|1|50|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.9|5|1|40|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.10|5|1|60|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.11|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.12|5|1|90|alpino_lc|16
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.13|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.14|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.15|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.16|5|1|20|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.17|5|1|70|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.18|8|1|100|alpino_lc|9
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.19|9|1|130|alpino_lc|20
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.20|5|1|70|alpino_lc|14
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.21|5|1|110|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.22|5|1|50|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.23|5|1|40|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.39.s.24|5|1|30|alpino_lc|5
T#wiki-9844.p.40.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.41.s.1|2|1|30|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-9844.p.42.s.1|14|1|2940|alpino_lc|1187
T#wiki-9844.p.42.s.2|5|1|190|alpino_lc|12
T#wiki-9844.p.43.s.1|16|1|230|alpino_lc|91
T#wiki-9844.p.43.s.2|8|1|80|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-9844.p.43.s.3|4|1|30|alpino_lc|7
T#wiki-9844.p.43.s.4|8|1|140|alpino_lc|38
T#wiki-9844.p.44.s.1|1|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.45.s.1|17|1|13560|alpino_lc|5113
T#wiki-9844.p.45.s.2|8|1|180|alpino_lc|96
T#wiki-9844.p.46.s.1|21|1|2140|alpino_lc|990
T#wiki-9844.p.46.s.2|7|1|270|alpino_lc|207
T#wiki-9844.p.46.s.3|38|1|6800|alpino_lc|1049
T#wiki-9844.p.46.s.4|10|1|410|alpino_lc|333
T#wiki-9844.p.47.s.1|9|1|400|alpino_lc|238
T#wiki-9844.p.47.s.2|13|1|890|alpino_lc|132
T#wiki-9844.p.47.s.3.1|23|1|1370|alpino_lc|444
T#wiki-9844.p.47.s.3.2|16|1|170|alpino_lc|37
T#wiki-9844.p.48.s.1|49|1|15430|alpino_lc|2903
T#wiki-9844.p.48.s.2|31|1|14470|alpino_lc|5670
T#wiki-9844.p.48.s.3|16|1|430|alpino_lc|156
T#wiki-9844.p.49.s.1|17|1|1380|alpino_lc|1013
T#wiki-9844.p.50.s.1|20|1|13320|alpino_lc|6528
T#wiki-9844.p.50.s.2|13|1|260|alpino_lc|48
T#wiki-9844.p.51.s.1|11|1|340|alpino_lc|148
T#wiki-9844.p.52.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.53.s.1|18|1|3530|alpino_lc|2139
T#wiki-9844.p.53.s.2|4|1|100|alpino_lc|8
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.1|5|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.2|4|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.3|5|1|20|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.4|10|1|120|alpino_lc|39
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.5|4|1|30|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.6|5|1|40|alpino_lc|6
T#wiki-9844.p.54.s.7|8|1|90|alpino_lc|13
T#wiki-9844.p.55.s.1|11|1|170|alpino_lc|42
T#wiki-9844.p.55.s.2|8|1|370|alpino_lc|262
T#wiki-9844.p.56.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.57.s.1|16|1|860|alpino_lc|444
T#wiki-9844.p.58.s.1|2|1|20|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.59.s.1|33|1|4810|alpino_lc|3373
T#wiki-9844.p.59.s.2|10|1|470|alpino_lc|320
T#wiki-9844.p.60.s.1|38|1|1860|alpino_lc|689
T#wiki-9844.p.60.s.2|26|1|14230|alpino_lc|3411
T#wiki-9844.p.61.s.1|19|1|1550|alpino_lc|1070
T#wiki-9844.p.62.s.1|22|1|21030|alpino_lc|15708
T#wiki-9844.p.63.s.1|18|1|4530|alpino_lc|3162
T#wiki-9844.p.64.s.1|14|1|11140|alpino_lc|5911
T#wiki-9844.p.64.s.2|24|1|24790|alpino_lc|6029
T#wiki-9844.p.65.s.1|1|1|10|alpino_lc|1
T#wiki-9844.p.66.s.1|18|1|320|alpino_lc|99
T#wiki-9844.p.66.s.2|29|1|2400|alpino_lc|1401
T#wiki-9844.p.66.s.3|16|1|480|alpino_lc|129
T#wiki-9844.p.66.s.4|20|1|440|alpino_lc|176
T#wiki-9844.p.66.s.5|17|1|1050|alpino_lc|914
T#wiki-9844.p.67.s.1|2|1|10|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.1|6|1|100|alpino_lc|30
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.2|8|1|270|alpino_lc|58
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.3|7|1|140|alpino_lc|59
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.4|2|1|20|alpino_lc|4
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.5|2|1|20|alpino_lc|2
T#wiki-9844.p.68.s.6|2|1|10|alpino_lc|1
